

Beta flips back from the void, having encased himself in Phazite armor, and starts looking around for a point of reference when he notices the clouds beginning to part

… So I’m definitely not alone here.

Meanwhile, Mother Brain’s form floats up again and stares through the window at the Smash Pirates, her single now phazon blue eye seemingly judging everyone inside

Why did you come here? You could have found one of the other relics by now!


    
Escargon: I don't know what your problem is, but everything's fine!
The priest turns away from them both and places a hand to the side of his head, listening to something
Voice: There's an unidentified vessel landing within your specified radius.
Priest: Does it have weapons?
Voice: No... wait.. it looks like Beta just left. The vessel came from a larger ship which is currently floating about 15 miles northeast.
Priest: See if you can contact the ship.
Voice: Of course.
Priest: Praise be to the Dark Mistress
Voice: Yeah, okay.
Priest: (You really need to be more convincing.)

  
The priest motions for the waddle dee to move aside, and he turns to look at Dedede again

You see? We have no intention of harming anyone. My mistress will accept anyone into her ranks so long as they are purified.

Escargon: It’s actually not bad, I feel better now than I have in years!

The other priest, whose clothes are purple with the same blue decorations, watches as the Pirate forces place the last few spikes and energize them, causing a force field to go up around the entire city


  
The priest looks over at the guard

.. Get me the assistant.

The guard walks out of the room, and a few moments later he returns alongside a corrupted Escargon, who, for someone infected by phazon, actually doesn’t look that bad. He walks over to Dedede as a smug grin appears on his face

Escargon: You’re always so stubborn, aren’t you..


  
The figure clasps his hands together, obviously not intending to harm anyone. His voice, as well, is unusually soothing

I will admit, the chains were a bit much. Unfortunately, we’re dealing with quite a lot right now, so rebellious folks like yourselves are dealt with more harshly than we would like.

You’re only in this prison because you chose that path.

He turns to Dedede and bows

I assume that your highness would like to reclaim his country?


  
Just as before, two elegantly dressed priests arrive with several other forces as the pirates begin rebuilding houses, building new buildings, and placing somewhat intimidating statues of Dark Samus everywhere. One of the priests, whose garb is tinted green with blue swirls and glowing dots, steps down into the dungeon where Dedede and the others are held. A hood and a black veil cover his face as he walks forward toward the bars and observes the people inside

We could provide you with better accommodations if you would accept them..


  
Tac: We can't get through this cloud, it's too dangerous.
Beta: You mean this ship can't get through the cloud.
Tac: Uhh, if you're thinking about flying through there, I wouldn't suggest that either.
Beta looks down at the strange cat for a moment
Beta: Unlike you, I'm immortal.
Tac: But-
Beta: This is Epsilon. He is my brother. Make sure he doesn't leave this ship, but don't call him by his name.
Tac: Why not?
Beta: Because he'll headbutt you.
Tac: Oh..
Beta disappears into the void, leaving the corrupted ninja cat to stare at Epsilon, who sways back and forth as he looks out the window. The rest of the corrupted crew remains on the Destroyer, which continues to loom over the clouds
Knuckle Joe: So... we just wait here?
Sir Kibble: That is what Beta ordered.
??: Since when do we follow the orders of this 'Beta'?
They turn around to face Biospark. While his eyes still contain flecks of blue, he doesn't seem altered by the phazon
Gim: Command of the Destroyer VII was transferred to Beta.
Sir Kibble: It's not my fault that you can't see the power and enlightenment of phazon.
Biospark: I'd love to see it if it didn't alter my thinking in the process. It's poisoning your minds.
Leo: That's impossible. The only thing that's changed is that now we've ascended to a greater level of existence.
Biospark: From one such as yourself, that's a very strange thing to say.

  
A large, circular ship descends upon Pop Star, and Beta glances through the window down at the oddly shaped planet
Beta: How do we get down to the planet?
Tac: There are smaller shuttles we can use.
Beta: Good. Take me and Epsilon down to the surface.
Beta places his hand on Epsilon's face for obvious reasons
Tac: Yes sir. Come with me.
They walk out of the bridge and a few minutes later, a smaller ship is released from the Destroyer, and it glides down next to a swirling black cloud


   
After a little while, Beta floats up into the air and glances at the hallway full of all the unconscious knights. He floats over to a miserable looking pile of black clothing which slowly rolls over to face him, showing white eyes already turning blue
Biospark: Why… are you doing this?
Beta: My mistress demands it.
Biospark: What makes her special?
Beta: She has already conquered one universe, and it won’t be long before she takes this one.
Biospark: And when that’s done? Then what? What are you working toward?
Beta hesitates, looking off into the distance through one of the windows
Beta: … I don’t know. I plan to ask her.
When he looks back, he is somewhat impressed to find that Biospark isn’t there



 
Hm. Just wait until we get to the fountain and then you’ll be regretting what you just said.

She flies down, floating under the train but still inside the protective shield in order to avoid anything else being able to see her

(I always hate when they mention how many times Samus has defeated me.. Not just me either, but you as well, Mother. And yet, no one seems to recognize the fact that we come back, each time stronger than the last. After all, I always thought perseverance was valued higher than strength.)


       
Even with only one eye, her expression turns to seriousness

Even if he is still alive, I will find him as many times as I have to, and I will kill him every time. Even if I can keep him in absolute misery, I will have won, because he is only mortal, and I am not.


         
She continues staring at Kiki and Ekki as the blast goes off and she doesn’t even seem to notice it. As the purple shield passes over her, she rolls over and continues floating alongside the train, examining her interdimensional hands

There are six different minds in this body…

And even though we all remain separate, I still feel.. different. Why am I telling you this?

Because you have a short time in which I have to keep you alive. Don’t hope to destroy me with that time because you simply cannot. You saw how I killed Travis, so you know well what I am capable of.

So I suppose we should get to know each other before I slaughter you all.


        
As the shield starts to cover the ship, the mutated form of Mother Brain suddenly appears, having come out of the regional void. Her black wings still remain spread as she glides alongside the train, staring at Kiki and Ekki

Hello~



         
Epsilon’s gaze remains fixed on Sir Kibble, even as Beta grabs him and tries to move him out of the way

Beta: This will be my battleship, and you will be my crew.

Sir Kibble: What?

Beta: Fly me in that direction.

At this point, some of the other fighters appear in the doorway as well, including Knuckle Joe and Biospark

Beta: Follow my orders or I will kill you.

Knuckle Joe: I don’t take orders anymore.

He starts firing blasts of energy toward Beta while Sir Kibble throws his boomerang blade and Biospark disappears behind the wall again. Without any sort of hesitation, Beta slides out of the way of the attacks and begins charging his own. Just as Kibble catches his blade again, Beta flies into the hallway and fires a blast of Phazon at the whole of the crew, knocking all of them unconscious and leaving blue scars on their bodies in the process. Beta floats down to the ground and stares at the aftermath, but promptly collapses himself. Epsilon walks over to him calmly and stares down at him

Beta: Getting my throat slit was not helpful. It’s nice to see that you can be useful when they’re threatening me. Can you go look at the console and tell me if the controls are usable?

Epsilon continues to just stare at Beta, not having moved at all

Beta: Yeah, that was a long shot.



  
The aforementioned city is revived as the civilians are released from what could only be called a sermon and return to their previous occupations. It doesn’t take long, however before the Phazon begins to take effect on the population. The effects are subtle, people notice a strange quality in the water but cannot explain it. Slowly, days go by, then weeks, before the slight tint of blue is visible in some of the citizens’ eyes. In that span of time, though, the monotony of their captive life makes a day feel like a lifetime. Without any ability to contact the outside world, they remain completely unaware of the state of the war. Every week, though, the priests continue to try to convert the people willingly, and every week more statues and tributes to Dark Samus are placed in the center of the city


 
Beta keeps watching toward the entryway, genuinely curious as to the people behind it. One of them hesitantly steps out in the open, holding a curved blade pointed at Beta

Beta: Do you own this ship?
Sir Kibble: We just got here, and you start blasting people.
Beta: What happened to the previous owner of this ship?
Sir Kibble: I can only assume they were killed. Nightmare’s main space fortress was blown up, you know. Most Destroyer ships are under Star Warrior control now. It would be wise to surrender now.
Beta: I surrender to no one.
But.
At the same time, I would rather settle this peacefully.
Fly this ship to where we need to go.
Sir Kibble: Why should we trust you? You already killed two of my men.

Beta’s emotionless, solid eyes peer through Kibble’s helmet

Beta: Because if you would already be dead if I had wanted to kill you.


 
I still wonder what happened to this place..

Beta grabs Epsilon’s arm and drags him out of the room, still looking down every hallway for some sign of life. After some time they come to what can only be the bridge. The large window to the front, the numerous control panels, and everything else remain seemingly active, but the room is also completely empty. As Beta walks toward the main control panel, however, a sound can be heard outside, and soon voices are audible. He doesn’t move, watching as several short, armor-clad people appear in the doorway. Upon seeing an intruder, they draw swords and point them toward Beta and Epsilon

Person: Who are you?

Beta looks at Epsilon

Beta: I suppose we could take this ship, don’t you think?

Person: Are you listening to me?

Beta raises his hands to fire a blast of Phazon at the small crowd, but is quickly interrupted by an enormous blue laser being fired at the group, leaving several members vaporized and the survivors cowering in fear. He looks over at Epsilon, who slowly smiles at him

That was…


 
Most of the city continues functioning as it did before the Pirate capture, but the main difference is the ubiquitous presence of armed guards, all with blue veins streaking across their faces or, at the very least, carrying Phazon weaponry. They do not interact with the citizens, they do not hold their weapons at all, but their very presence causes the citizens to become more isolated from one another; they remain silent and stare at the ground as they walk. In this case, however, all the citizens walk in the same direction, toward a massive structure, almost like a stadium but more exquisite. The two priests also walk in this direction. It soon becomes clear what the purpose is when they take a different entrance to the structure and soon appear before the crowd of civilians in the stadium. The robed figure walks up onto a raised platform in front of a microphone

Raiach: You may be wondering why we have gathered you all here today in the grand stadium, but we figured this would be a good opportunity to introduce you to the new structure itself. Now then.

We understand that you are hesitant to cooperate with us in our new regime, and that is perfectly reasonable. You may fear us after our shutdown of external communication, but for all of these we have our reasons. This is why you are gathered here. This will be explained now, all at once.

We saved this city. Our mistress and her forces chose this city to be saved from itself. Your kind alone has brought violence, crime, chaos, and inequality onto your people. We bring you salvation from this. We bring you order, structure, and enlightenment in the ways of the world. We only ask that you cooperate with us.

Underground, however, crews begin planting Phazon in the aquifers, seeking to dissolve as many of the spores in the water as possible without altering the taste



 
Two priests, corrupted pirates in more fanciful attire, step out of a transport ship and observe the reformed city from its center square, which was since cleared out to make a more exquisite landing pad. Already in the square is a bronze statue of Dark Samus, and on the statue's base is a plaque that reads "There is glory in sacrificing what you thought you knew to learn the truth." Her statue form stands calm, glancing down at whoever looks at it despite the form having a helmet. One of the priests walks over to and looks up at this statue, returning the glance of the bronze Svychx
Raiach: This statue was made well, but...
The other priest walks over and stands next to him
Jyphel: What?
Raiach: This isn't the message our mistress wants to send.
Jyphel: What does she want? I mean, what's wrong with it?
Raiach: Her message is strength. We're there to convert people and persuade them to join us voluntarily. She's the face of the revolution and we're the side getting people to worship her.
Jyphel: I see.
They turn to a few other pirates, also corrupted, but lacking the same outfits the priests have
Raiach: Find whoever made this statue and inform him of our intentions.
Pirate: Yes... sir.
Raiach: Praise be to our mistress.
Pirate: Of course.
Jyphel: I'm surprised, I would have thought you would order the artist to be executed.
Raiach: We don't have enough artists right now. We need people making statues.

 
The huge form that can no longer be simply called Mother Brain glances up, watching as the black Smash Pirate gunship flies overhead and the Halberd begins to move as well. She looks down at the small king, her singular eye stained with blue

My forces have arrived. We will find the Star Rod whether we receive your help or not, and we will take it whether you approve of it or not. I would ask if you understand what I mean, but your kind is too disgustingly primitive to even warrant my attention.

She begins walking away, fairly slowly given her strange stature

(This is.. inefficient.)

Her form begins to lift off of the ground, and the black remnants of Zero’s wings turn blue and spread out, and the admittedly horrifying form takes off into the sky following the gunship that preceded it



      
Beta holds onto the same table, slowly absorbing the phazon the fungus produces, watching as Epsilon goes from object to object throughout the room, curiously examining them

… That’s a table.

That’s a chair.

That’s a-

That used to be a plate.

Why am I telling you this?

Epsilon turns to look at him, eyes lit up

Oh.. Epsilon… You’re still my brother, aren’t you.

It tilts its head toward Beta, then smashes its face into the table in front of it

… Sorry.



 
Beta is woken up by Epsilon shaking him, only to find a ship just floating motionless nearby. The ship itself is incredibly large, in the shape of a disk. They phase through the walls and drop to the floor with a metallic thud, and Epsilon almost has to hold Beta upright due to the abrupt shift in gravity. They walk through the hallway, looking for some sign of life, only to continue finding empty hallways. Eventually they come to a fairly large room, filled with tables and chairs. Beta places his hand on a table and it just barely starts to turn blue, and Phazon begins eating away at the wood

Carbon based materials are more easily converted to liquid Phazon.

Beta continues inspecting the room, walking through a swinging door to find a kitchen, clean but empty. Epsilon opens the door of the nearby fridge, finding some edible but mostly rotted meats and vegetables

I just wonder where everyone went. I mean, this place wasn’t abandoned, or it would be in worse conditions.


 

Beta drifts alone through space, still able to see Epsilon in the distance. He continues to stare at his sibling, and after a moment he notices that Epsilon starts looking around. When the distant form finally spots Beta, it begins flying toward him at a moderate speed. Beta continues drifting, too lightheaded to move, but smiles weakly when he feels Epsilon grab his arm

Epsilon, you… you did well.
…
… Float with me.

He takes Epsilon’s hand and weaves his own fingers between his, staring out at the distant stars, relatively helpless without any nearby sources of Phazon



 
Beta glances at the Victory shortly before hitting the rock and disappearing in a burst of electricity. He looks down at Epsilon, then touches his neck and realizes that he doesn’t have a pulse

(… You too.)

He continues hugging Epsilon for a moment, then finally lets go of him, letting the other clone drift off into space. Beta flips into the void but doesn’t put any more energy into flying, and instead just continues floating along

(… There’s something in this dimension.. But I don’t know if it’s phazon or not..)


  
Beta looks back to find a smaller version of the Gateway with little drones flying into it

So she’s not.. here.. Maybe that’s why I can’t sense anything.

He flies toward the rock and sort of turns around so he’s floating backwards as he flips out of the void again. He pulls Epsilon into a hug and just continues to drift toward the gateway

You are useless, Epsilon, but I still love you.



  
Beta flips into the void, one hand still holding the gash on his neck and the other holding Epsilon’s arm

Where do we… there’s nothing here… I can’t even tell where Svychx is, she’s too far away. I don’t have the energy to go into another layer of the void..

He floats along, carrying the unconscious Epsilon with him


 
The leviathan starts charging another shot again, despite Epsilon being nearly dead and Beta being in shock. In addition, it starts moving again, although slowly and seemingly without a destination


     
Since Beta doesn’t exactly have eyelids, anything visible in his eyes shifts to look at Gwyn, no other movement, no emotion, nothing. Clear, phazon-tinted fluid bleeds from the gash across his neck, but, regardless, it begins to repair itself


     
The talon goes across Beta’s neck and he stumbles back, hitting the wall and sliding to the ground. The leviathan stops moving, although it still fires one last shot toward the Freedom

Beta: E-Epsilon.. please..

Epsilon stands up and violently headbutts the chozo pirate that had attacked Beta, then stumbles back himself and falls over, lying next to him

Beta: You did well.


     
They’re trying to kill Dark Samus, I have to kill them first.

Suddenly Beta starts smiling. It’s not a creepy smile, it’s a genuinely happy smile

She would be proud of me.

The leviathan fires another shot toward the Freedom


    
Beta tries to look back through the window at the other ships

The federation will probably want to track us.

The leviathan continues heading into the wormhole, and just as it appears on the other side, the spinning vortex closes in on itself, space mending itself as if it were merely an illusion. Within their immediate view, however, are the two ships and the gateway

Did you equip this ship with shields? Or any other weapons?

The leviathan opens up a mouth of some sort and fires a Phazon laser toward the Freedom


   
It doesn’t matter, they’ll worship us soon enough.

Beta seems to focus intently on something, and it soon becomes clear what as a wormhole starts to form in front of the leviathan. Instead of a normal wormhole, however, it constantly throws sparks out into space, and swirls around as if forming a sort of vortex. Beta starts talking quietly to himself, and Epsilon backs into a corner out of fear

I’m sorry, I know it’s hard.. trust me.. help me.. and no one will be able to hurt you.


  
I don’t know what the federation is doing. They are probably trying to organize a rebellion, but it would be pointless to do so.

Epsilon starts poking one of the chozo pirates


  
Beta merely crosses his arms and looks at the Chozo Pirate

How fortuitous, they happen to be in the same place.

The leviathan starts moving, slowly flying away from the rock and the surrounding ships

I don’t care about Mother Brain, you don’t care about Dark Samus. Both of us have the same goal, I’d prefer not to kill you. You would prefer not to be killed.

Let me help you, or I’ll do it anyway.


  
Your machines are hurting it. It IS alive, you know. I need to use this ship to get to Dreamland.

Beta lowers his hand and looks at Gwyn

You don’t know how to pilot a Leviathan, but I do.

He turns around and places a hand on one of the organic walls next to him, in a strangely sympathetic fashion

This leviathan was meant to be used by Svychx herself. Why you have it, I don’t know, but I’m taking it back.



  
Beta continues flying through the void. Even without landmarks or reference points of any kind, he still seems to have a finite destination

The leviathan… it’s in pain.

Without any warning whatsoever, Beta then switches out of the void, suddenly placing them in the bridge of the leviathan battleship. He immediately holds his hand out toward Gwyn

You’re hurting it.


  
Beta freezes, concentrating on something

I.. I feel it. The leviathan. Come on.

He grabs Epsilon’s hand and the hand of one of the corrupted pirates next to him, and within seconds they all float in the vast emptiness that is the void

Don’t let go.



  
Beta looks back at the pirates, motioning for them to get up

I’ll take pleasure in killing them. But still, I have to find my mother. I.. have to understand. Find the battleship, and bring me to it.


  
Beta’s red eyes stare the scientists down. After a moment he looks back at the corpses lying around

You witnessed them escaping and didn’t bother to pursue them? Tell me why I should keep you alive. That leviathan is the only thing we have capable of interdimensional travel.



  
Suddenly Beta looks up

I must ask her then. Machine, I trust that you will keep this station in working order. Contact the Federation if you want, I don’t care. This place will become a temple, and you will be the conduit to its power.

He takes Epsilon’s hand and they both disappear into a void-jump, leaving Skytown empty again. They reappear within the halls of Tourian, and several corrupted pirates nearby instantly face them and kneel

Beta: Where is the battleship leviathan.



   
Beta continues to stare at the floor, silent for an uncomfortably long time. He finally looks up at 217 before walking outside again, although he just goes back to the phazite throne and sits there staring at the floor silently

(Of course… how can I say that I’m right and Svychx isn’t…)



  
But… Phazon makes them stronger!

That’s what’s bothering me. I thought that phazon gave strength to those who deserved it and killed those who didn’t. But now I realize that it takes away some of their free will too.

At the same time, phazon is… as close to perfection as it can be.


  
Beta looks down for a moment

As I said before, I don’t need to find her. I just…

I don’t want mindless followers.



  
But I am not her, and imitation would be an insult.

… I know they would follow my orders, but why? I was born from a stasis tank and any power I have is purely from the nature of that birth. I haven’t proved myself like she has… So why am I able to control other phazon beings?


  
Beta: No, you don’t have to do that. She’s in another dimension, that’s all I need to know. What I need now is control over the Pirates loyal to her. I’ll be killed if a revolution starts out of my carelessness.



  
Beta almost smiles slightly

Good. If I knew how I’d give you the ability to send commands via Mother Brain’s telepathic abilities, but I don’t know anything about that. I have just one question though.

You were corrupted before. Do you remember anything?


  
Beta floats up through the ceiling and faces 217 again

Are you just able to access information or are you able to control anything?


  

Beta starts welding his crude circuit board to the wall

Through dimensions…

There, it’s done. It’s not perfect, but it should bypass the pirates’ security.


  
Beta: I don’t know who are allies anymore. I want to know where Dark Samus is, and I want to make this station a control center. You can help me with both of those.


  
Beta flies into the aurora unit’s chamber again, and immediately phases through the floor. He tears panels off of the walls and starts using red phazon to solder wires together and actually starts making his own crude circuit boards

I’m trying to give you access to Space Pirate databases. This isn’t the easiest way to do it, but it’ll work.



  
Svychx freezes momentarily, focusing on something

… What.. was that. It’s not another one of the clones dying, I know that much.


  
Beta looks down at Epsilon, who continues to play with little repair robots on the floor next to him

You know, humans would feel emotional pain toward Delta’s death. I mean.. I liked all my other siblings, but they were weak, and… You know, I don’t know why I even talk to you, Epsilon.

Beta holds out his hand to prevent the other clone from headbutting anything else

Traces of Samus’ genetics must be what gives me these emotions.. Otherwise I would never have let you survive this long.



 
Delta starts writhing in pain as the antiphazon literally burns through it. Beta, on the other hand, just sits in his throne. He feels Delta’s pain as strongly as if it were him there, but he makes no sound and doesn’t seem to react at all

… How… disappointing.


   
Delta screams, the high pitch sounding similar to that of a Metroid. It floats in the air for a few moments, motionless, then starts throwing phazite crystals at both Spire and Weavel as it slowly regenerates its leg


   
Delta actually manages to grab Weavel’s scythe arm and throw him back at Spire, sending an additional phazon blast at them as well


   
The moment Spire raises his weapon, Delta flies up into the air and starts throwing blasts of Phazon at both him and Weavel. Not a single noise emanates from the creature


   
The form turns its head to look down at Dedede as the citizens of the village continue to run around panicking

I am the only thing that can save your pitiful life now. You know where the location of the Star Rod is.

Tell me where.

Corrupted villagers begin to crowd around Dedede



      
Natural selection is brutal, and not everything can survive. But that’s all this is.

He notices Epsilon

Ep- ahh, nevermind.

He walks over and grabs Epsilon’s arm, having to practically drag it away from its fixation at the repair bot


  
No, I can’t. That’s the thing. I know that this galaxy is far too chaotic. Phazon will correct that, but then… Epsilon and Dark Samus and Delta and I… 

Epsilon, having knelt down to look at a small repair robot on the ground, abruptly smashes its head into it, causing the device to shatter and short circuit

I figure that even Phazon isn’t perfect, but we’ll be there to watch all life in the galaxy flourish.


  
You were not born from it. You wouldn’t understand its beauty.

Epsilon stares curiously at something on the floor

The only thing I don’t understand is what we’ll do when the whole galaxy is finally corrupted.


  
The clone looks around for a moment, trying to figure out where the voice was coming from

… Despite my age, I am not a child. I know what I’m doing.


  
Beta walks back toward the Spire Pod, pleasantly surprised upon seeing Phazite chandeliers hanging from the ceiling, little decorations on the edge of the ceiling and floor, a far more exquisite Phazite throne than before, and other small additions to the structure, all of which perfectly match SkyTown’s existing structural design

This is… amazing.

He sits down in the throne again, inspecting the armrests

The generators are using Phazon now as well, so this place will never run out of power.

… Those pirates that were sent to Jovia… They never came back.

He looks at Delta

Find out what happened to them. Kill them if they didn’t accomplish their goal.

Delta nods, then disappears through a void-jump

(… Even Alpha didn’t know what we would do if we were to succeed.)



 
Jovian: Well.. Your friend landed right by it. If you follow the smoke, you shouldn’t have much of a problem, except for all the Phazon around, of course.



    
Meanwhile, Beta’s picture appears in every little screen throughout SkyTown, and the satellite nearby begins sending a different signal

[DO NOT RESIST THE PHAZON AND YOU WILL BE REWARDED. FIGHT IT AND YOU WILL PERISH.]


 
Jovian: We have enough antiphazon, that’s not our problem. Our problem is that we can’t get anyone near it without them becoming corrupted, and the area’s too thick to try to just spray antiphazon on it from the air.

He turns around and watches Weavel’s ship crash into the ground

We would have tried anyway, but there’s some sort of signal coming from over there. Any ships that try to fly anywhere near it just.. The fuel tanks explode.



     
Some jovians in biohazard suits walk up toward the Federation ship

What are you doing here? This whole area is corrupted…



    
Deep within an underground complex, three of the pirates from Dark Samus' cult stay relatively motionless within a reinforced containment unit. A guard walks by, and doesn't turn to look at them until one of them speaks
Pirate: Our mistress won't let you do this.
Guard: 'Your mistress' doesn't care about you.
Pirate: Insolence.
Guard: We're not leaving until we reverse what the Phazon has done to you.
Pirate: You can't stop Phazon. You can only slow it down.
Guard: So I've heard.
The guard continues walking along


 
Beta wakes up, (which doesn’t look like much because technically its eyes don’t visibly close) and looks around at the pure black sky around him. He turns to a dormant steambot next to him

Shut off the thrusters. Focus power on the generators.

The steambot turns around and walks away awkwardly, and the makeshift station stops accelerating shortly afterward. Beta stands up and looks down at the floor of the Spire Dock

I think this place would look better in blue. Delta…

It looks up at him, as does Epsilon a moment later

You can understand me, right?

Delta nods

You should decorate this place as you see fit. I’m going to go… augment the generators.

Beta floats up into the air and floats across the gap between the spire dock and one of the other platforms, passing through the bubble shields as if they weren’t there


 


Beta looks down, lost in thought for a moment

I won’t corrupt you unless you bother me. I don’t know where I’m taking this station, but it will be able to survive.


  
The corrupted Pirates I’ve seen… they are more powerful than they ever could have been before, and that is why they follow her. Surely I am proof that Phazon beings are not mindless.


  
I’m.. trying to understand. I was created by Dark Samus, but I’m trying to understand why there are still those that resist phazon.

Is it because you are afraid of the possibility of death?



  
You don’t see it as a way of purifying the galaxy?


  
I can bend you to my will if I have to, but I would prefer not to.

… Why do you fight against Phazon?


  
Delta walks into the room and, upon seeing the AU, promptly runs back out, returning a moment later with Beta, who walks forward and places his hand on the hand scanner


  
Beta sits in the throne, watching as each pod of SkyTown forms a bubble around it and it finally rises into space. Delta and Epsilon stand stand next to him, looking up at the stars

The shields seem to be working..

He looks back at some of the Elysian robots, and the lights along the floor and the walls of the spire pod light up. He turns to Delta

Go see if the Aurora Unit is still here.

Delta nods and walks to the edge of the platform. It grabs the zipline and jumps off. As it does so, a shield forms around it, so that even in space the ziplines can still be used



 
Beta stands on the edge of the platform, looking down at the clouds below. He looks up at the night sky, watching as the stars and planets visible in the sky all seem to twinkle with the same shade of blue

I like this.

He turns around and walks back through a few ornately decorated hexagonal doors, and flies across a fairly short gap to finally land on the rebuilt Spire Dock

This place wasn’t meant to go into space, but I don’t care. Raise the shield and fire the thrusters.

He sits down in a copy of Dark Samus’ phazon throne as the whole of SkyTown ascends into the atmosphere



 
She watched as the villagers screamed and ran away, some of them tripping from just running in the street

If these people can be put to any sort of use, then so be it, but I’m not sure they’re worth anything. Although we have yet to see what a corrupted one looks like~

She focuses intently on the Phazon held within her own body, and blue lines begin to spread out from her feet into the ground, and it quickly accelerates until the entire town is covered in Phazon webbing. She walks forward, watching as tendrils of phazon reach up and grab one of the villagers

This is far more entertaining than I thought it would be. Now we just have to see if they know where the relic is.



  
Svychx looks around at Dreamland, the form landing on the ground with a thud

… This place is almost.. too cheerful. Once we get the relic, I’d be glad to watch it burn.

The town can be seen in the distance, and from that distance, the easygoing lifestyles of the people there is evident

The only thing more powerful than Phazon is fear.

She lets out a roar, and watches as the villagers look around in confusion and run into their houses

Eheh… heheh… They don’t even know what’s happening. Pathetic.



    
Dark Samus screams out in pain for a moment, curling up a bit

Alpha… Alpha is dead…

That’s two of them now…


  
Alpha glares at Ezekiel again

Not only did you kill Gamma, but you shot me as well. You should be lucky you’re still alive.

She turns to Zhaxule

I’ve had enough of this station. Let’s go.


  
You will most likely be corrupted, and then you will assist in the progression of a new galaxy.


  
Well, this wasn’t pointless, although I won’t necessarily say it was fun.

Alpha still clutches the wound in her side, glaring at Ezekiel


  
Alpha smiles at Epsilon

See, you don’t have to get yourselves killed.

She glances at Tsey

You, on the other hand.

She fires a sharp beam of Phazon directly through his chest



    
Alpha floats by alongside Zhaxule

You see, you would have the power to rule over the galaxy. Resistance at this point is meaningless.


  
Alpha, glowing dimly in the dark, winces in pain again

Gamma…

…. This station won’t last much longer…

I suppose my mission’s complete, but it wouldn’t help to make sure..

She flies down another hallway


  
I will, soon enough.

Alpha fires a blast of Phazon at the warden, then floats away, seemingly with a goal in mind. The metroid floats toward the warden’s face, chirps several times, then finally flies away after Alpha


  
Alpha suddenly explodes from a nearby wall

If you want to live you should just give up fighting now.


  
A voice whispers in the warden’s mind

Now you do.

A brief explosion can be heard in the distance



  
True. We don’t have any time to waste.

She spreads her shadowy wings and flies through the rift into Dreamland


     
You’re so obsessed with help, Crazy Hand.

We are gods now.

We don’t need the help or permission of anyone anymore.

(And with this form, it seems like just showing your face would be enough to intimidate people into submission. Speaking of which, I’m surprised this body is still holding together.)


     









Wait, so if I like you, does that make me a lesbian?



  
She lets go of him for a moment

… I’m not sure if I want to hurt you or make out with you.

Human side and everything else conflicting.

… Popular vote says hurt you.

Slaps him

But I’d feel bad. v_v



  
-._.-

Well…

Takes a step back

… Okay.

….

…

..

.

Suddenly, Phazon tendrils grow from her shoulders and her back, and she tackle-glomps Rocker to the ground, grabbing him in some sort of Phazony death hug



  
Well, not much, I mean-

It suddenly clicks

ARE YOU TRYING TO HIT ON ME!?

Suddenly assumes an awkward stance, given that she feels somewhat naked in just the jumpsuit



  
Ignoring the other events occurring simultaneously

Well, technically I’m Samus, so… human… chozo.. metroid AND the essence of Phaaze.


  
^_^

Bites his neck for a moment

Yeah, I’m not a pirate, so I’m not going to orgasm from that.


  
No, I mean, I’ve never… but I still…


  
… Yes?

That… is what you said, right?

…

Starts poking herself

That’s… squishy.

Feels her hair

That’s… soft.


  
Wait.. no armor plating… Is that why you feel…

Looks down at herself

._.

Okay, that was not intended.

I still feel awkward in anything OTHER than my suit.

… I’ve, like.. LIVED in that thing.

(Maybe I’ll have to start eating now.)



  
Notices Rocker in the awkward situation
Suit magically falls off
Hugs him without realizing the suit just disappeared



  
Really? Look at Halley, I mean-

Notices that he’s nomming on Trav

._.

Okay, fine, you win.


   
She looks over at Kraid, still in her Kirby-esque position

-_-

You know everything though, so I don’t see why you should be that surprised. I mean, you’re a scientist, the rest of us are just…

Normal.


    
Staring at Crazy Hand

I’m… talking to a hand…

… ^_^

Hi there, I’m Dark Samus!

Trav’s one-leg-back-arms-out-spinning pose


   
o_o
…
Starts waving her own HalleyXTraveler flag


   
o_o

Floats down to the ground

So.

…. Uhh… How did the Ing get here in the first place?


   
Latches on to the side of Kraid’s head
o_o
I know you’d never lie to me, but I feel like you’re lying to me.


   
Flies up from Norfair, screaming the whole time

PLEASE TELL ME THE ING ARE GONE, PLEASE TELL ME THEY’RE-

Latches onto Kraid’s arm

PLEASE TELL ME THEY’RE GONE.

…

THEY LOOK PRETTY GONE TO ME.


   
She manages to escape, in human form, just before the explosion hits


  

Sure. I suppose since I don’t have anything better to do…


  
The translator device is strapped to her head

You had me at destruction.


   
From behind some of the stalactites, she creeps forward to find an unconscious Chondra, Kraid and Nightmare

What are… all of you doing here…?


   

Yeah, and Joshua’s right, you could have him regain consciousness if you really don’t like Kraid’s post. There has to be a suitable explanation, but you could do it.



Political campaigns? Dear god, save him!

And, yeah, he wasn’t going to be unconscious for that long anyway.

Note for everyone in facetroid: Don’t make elaborate plans, they never work out the way you want.

Kraid’s cruise ship crashed, the tournament got interrupted by Ridley, DS and Rundas’ traveling to Aether to (mostly) kill V-Ote ended in Rundas almost dying, Dephus and Rocker’s recent thing ended up with a god fight and both of them high, I even had to abandon my plans in Masstroid because the timing was off. This is (mostly) improvisation, so unless you work within a closed system, plans are nearly impossible to follow.




He’s only mad because Kraid made him unconscious and I told him to stop being a dick about it.

At least from what I know.

Either way, we now need another Dane or he has to die.


 
Admin note back
Look, only tag people who are actually relevant in the post. Also, go check the daneatfacetroid page.



Twenty minutes later, she ends up weak from Phazon depletion and holding an unconscious human Nyryu


  
She manages to knock Nyryu out by hitting him in the head. She finally gets herself in human form, but just stands there for a while, trying to figure out how to make him human too


  
As she realizes that they’re going to dock with the Pirate ship, she starts desperately trying to make both of them human by using Black Phazon somehow, despite the fact that she barely has any left


  
She suddenly rears back, forcing Nyryu off of her


   
She suddenly starts purring again

>You idiot.


    
She hits Rocker with one of her weird wing appendages while Nyryu hits him with a leg


     
She tries to hide the fact that she starts making a relatively low clicking noise, like purring


     
> Well theeeeeen, we’re off.

Somehow manages to carry Rocker and Nyryu on her as she runs into the ship.

> If they’re space pirates, they’re probably going to just destroy the planet for minerals.


   
>Takeoff code, what?

Turns to Kraid and then notices that he’s talking to someone else

>Shit… if these are other Space Pirates we’re talking about, then…

Oh god, we have to get out of here.

She hits Rocker to get the creepy smile off his face

>Take us to another dimension. Now.


    

o_o

>I did…

Turns to Nyryu


     
She freezes for a moment, as, in the back of her mind, she feels as if a godly power is awakening somewhere in the distance

…

>Ridley…


  
Looks over at Dephus and Rocker as Nyryu leans awkwardly against her
>Oh god, not you guys again…


   
She walks over to Nyryu just as he stands up and as Dephus walks away
…
>That was… Nice.


  
>I would carry you, but, you know…

Runs off in a different direction


  
>I don’t know, I just kept running and I found you.

… What now?


  
Walks up to Kraid from behind

…

…

HI.


  
… I like you. But sometimes you’re too… I don’t know.

Runs off in some direction, leaving Nyryu with the random radio thing


   
You’re a Zebesian?

Oh, and yeah, another Prime.

She nudges him with her pointy head spike thing

(Nyryu, get uuuuup)


  
Uhh.. Well, in terms of vegetation… there’s lots of grass and a rock.

In terms of alien life, there’s the other Prime, a human and a Vhozon.

Oh, yeah, we’re at the top of a hill. Aaaand nothing much else.

(Nyryu? You okay?)


   
I don’t know how I got this transceiver device anyway…

As for coordinates, I kinda doubt it. Unless you can give me, like, a cardinal direction or something because I don’t have a ship and I haven’t the slightest idea where we are.

Oh, and I can’t pick up the radio because I don’t have hands.


  
She expresses genuine surprise at Kraid’s response

>You… HAAAA. YOU CAN UNDERSTAND ME~

Look, you.. have no idea how difficult it’s been, given that I can’t speak any english like this and I can barely pronounce the Pirate language-


  
Hears Kraid’s voice and looks around to see where it’s coming from. She then uncurls and lifts herself of the ground to find a comm device under her.

…

She pokes it with a claw

…

>Can you he- shit, he wouldn’t understand me.


  
Looks over and finds Nyryu curled up next to her as well

o_o

._.

.-.

>Oh, about what happened-


  

Holds out a leg to maybe let Rocker not fall as hard


  
She perks up slightly, sensing that, once more, something is amiss


  

…

<I don’t need this now…>

Curls up into a ball, making herself surprisingly smaller


   
Sighs

You think this is funny?

… Wait a minute, how am I speaking in english?

… KAA! MNAEBENCHY ONJQAI IITEX.
<I JUST JINXED MYSELF.> 


  
… It’s nice here.

Looks down at self

Is still Metroid Prime

… Really?


  
… Looks around
I feel.. Different.
New.
Looks over at The Rocker
… What are you doing here?
And… Where are we?


  
