

BK:
	Morgan Chane was in a bad part of the city.  The shadows here seemed to be a little longer, and a little darker than normal.  The few functioning streetlights did little to pierce the murky gloom.  The air had a bitter taint to it, evidence of the huge factory sprawls upwind.  He tried his best to breath through his mouth, and hurried on.
	He passed few people as he walked along, and that was fine with him.  Most stayed out of sight; he had to turn his head quickly to catch a dirty face staring at him from one of the burned out tenements.  There weren’t pleasantries to be exchanged here, anyone that approached him was more likely to shoot him and steal his shoes than to ask him the time.
	He didn’t fear these people.  Even the gangs that hunted these streets caused him little concern.  He was adequately protected.  Still, in this place, where despair and hopelessness had made the border to the next world dangerously thin, it paid to be cautious.  He could certainly defend himself, but doing so would likely attract the attention of things that he didn’t want to have to defend against.  Or would not be able to defend against.
	His destination was close.  He hurried across the street, under a rusting elevated train bridge that hadn’t seen a train in the last decade, and into the narrow alley between a tattoo parlor and an all night liquor store.  He stopped at the entrance and peered into the darkness.
	A dozen or so feet in, a man stood leaning against the wall.  He stepped forward when Chane stopped.  The fedora and trench coat made Chane grimace.  Even in the worst part of town, Socrates insisted on dressing like Spencer Tracy.
	Socrates was not his real name, of course.  Chane had no idea what the man’s name was.  They had met online, with conversations and correspondence always routed through multiple servers to avoid tracing attempts.  Socrates was good at finding things, and Chane was certainly looking.  It was a relationship that was mutually beneficial.  This was the third time that they had met in person.
	Socrates walked slowly, with a slight limp.  He held a brown package tied with string, which he offered to Chane.  As he stepped into the light of the liquor store, Chane had to keep from gasping.  Socrates’ face was puffy and had a greasy sheen to it.  His eyes looked bruised and bloodshot.
	“You look like hell”, Chane said as he reached for the book, “what’s wrong?”
	“I’ve got a terrible head cold”, Socrates rasped, releasing the book and stepping closer.  “Do you have the money?”
	Chane nodded as he untied the string around the package.  Socrates’ price was steep, but if this really was the Xiang Shu Codex, it would be worth every penny.  The brown paper came off, revealing two thick Sunday edition news papers.
	He looked up just in time to see Socrates’ fist.  The blow caught him square in the face, and Chane’s world exploded in stars.  He fell back against the wall of the alley, and was kicked in the stomach.  He hit the ground unable to breathe.
	Socrates grabbed his ankle and dragged him back into the dark of the alley.  Chane fought panic as his body fought for air.  The blow to the head left him disoriented.  He tried to form a pattern for Fire, but it wouldn’t come.  
	He was flung against the wall.  He felt rather than a heard a crack in his left arm.  Screaming in pain would have required air that he didn’t have.  He pushed himself off of his broken arm, and into a sitting position, with his back to the wall.  Socrates squatted before him.
	“Your type are always so trusting”, he sneered.  “You close your eyes, and wonder why you stumble.  Your race is pathetic, nothing more than livestock for your betters.”  He smiled then, a mirthless grin revealing jagged teeth that definitely didn’t originate on this planet.  
	Chane was finally regaining control of his breathing.  “You want money?” he grunted, reaching into coat pocket, “I have some”.
	Socrates laughed, a sharp barking sound.  “If I want your money, human, I’ll take it after I’ve eaten my fill of you.”  He leaned forward.
	Chane didn’t even bother taking his hand out of his pocket, he just fired the revolver through his coat.  The first bullet tore through the thin fabric and into Socrates’ chest, high and to the side.  Socrates was thrown back, spinning as he fell.  Chane pulled the gun from his pocket and pushed himself to his knees.  Socrates rolled over onto hands and knees and started scrambling for the street.  Chane fired again, this time hitting Socrates in the abdomen.  Socrates collapsed and curled up into a ball.  Chane stood.
	He stood looking down into Socrates face.  It appeared slightly warped, elongated down and to the left.  Socrates right eye was a black hole.  Chane stepped lightly on Socrates face, and slid his foot towards the neck.  It slid free.  An albino pale face stared up at Chane with a look of rage.  
	Chane squatted down, staring directly into the face.  He put the barrel of the pistol up to the side of Socrates’ head.  “What was that about livestock?  Tell me, when did you last see a cow do this?”   He pulled the trigger.
	When the body stopped twitching, Chane quickly searched pockets.  The skinner had killed Socrates before taking his face and clothes.  He found a wallet.  The drivers license had Socrates picture, but the name was Phillip Hanson.  An uptown address.  Chane would head over there in the morning, and see how badly his circle of associates had been compromised. 
He stood, tucked the wallet in his pocket, and shot the skinner twice more in the head, just to be sure, then wiped the pistol grip and trigger with his coat, and dropped it on the corpse.  Cradling his left arm as best he could, he stepped out into the street.

IM:
Eyes watched Chane's retreating form from deeper in the alley.  A smile slowly crept across its face.  It pulled an electronic device about the size of a paperback book from within its long coat that hid its body from prying eyes and activated it.  A soft glow filled view screen and the general shape of a person could be seen sitting in a large chair, but nothing too clearly, there wasn’t enough light for that.
"The Terran Chane has taken the bait my master," it said in a dry rasping voice.  "What are your orders?"
"What of my messenger?" The reply was deep and commanding.
"It is no more, my master.  Chane has killed it."
"Excellent," the form in the device purred "return to me after you have cleaned up its remains.  I have another task for you."  The image faded from the screen.
It returned the device to it's hiding place and stalked towards the opening of the alley for the task at hand.

The next morning Chane stepped off the bus in the neighborhood of Hanson's place.  This area was defiantly better than the meeting place of the imposter last night.  He walked the few blocks to the street he needed and then over to the house in a middle of the block.  The house was nice and compact, made of brick and with a fairly well kept front lawn.  This street did not have the garages beside the houses but in the back just behind the rear lawn.  There were no cars parked in front of the house.  He walked the side access way from the front of the house to the back lawn and froze when his eyes fell on the seriously over sized doghouse in the yard.  He couldn't hear the sound of a dog (or anything that would fit a house of THAT size), and he couldn't recall if there had been a "beware of dog" sign on the gate leading back here.  He stayed that way for a few moments more before he got the nerve to continue on.
Chane peeked into the window of the garage and saw a sea of boxes but couldn't tell what they were.  There was no car parked inside and the door to it was locked.  He moved to the back door of the house, all the while warily eyeing the doghouse in the yard.  He tried the knob and was surprised to find it unlocked.  He stepped into the kitchen and shut it behind him.  The kitchen looked fairly average, but he didn't have much time to look at it.  A shape moved so quickly across the room that he couldn't follow it with his eyes.  He found himself on the floor with the wind knocked out of him staring up at a very feline face and barely in control of his bowels.
"PHILLY!" there was a high pitched voice filling his ears. "Was wonder when you come home". The cat thing that was straddling his chest stopped talking and leaned a little closer sniffing the air around him.  Chane glanced at the body sitting atop his chest and realized what it was, a Felenzine.  They were genetically created beings that had feline and human genes spliced together.  Felenzines were most of the time created infertile and used as sexual playthings by those that could afford it.  Caninzines had dog genes of some type and used mostly as guards.  The mixing of human genes usually made them smarter then the average cat or dog and able to retain more complex commands than their full-blood counterparts.
"Hey!  You not Philly", the Felenzine mewled "where Philly?"
"I'm not sure where Phillip is", Chane said dragging himself from underneath the Felenzine.  She got off of him and crouched on the floor.  He could definitely tell it was female and not wearing any clothes.  The layer of short fur was probably more than enough to keep her warm.  She had a lot of human features, hands instead of paws, elongated feet instead of rear paws and a lot of human lines in her face.  She also had breasts that would make most human females jealous.  All the while she was sitting in front of him she looked like a large house cat or maybe a cheetah.  "I think maybe he's dead", he said when he had finally caught his breath "when was the last time you saw him?"
She just stared at him for several minutes "Chia hungry.  You feed Chia?  Chia be friend."  She purred the last part while rubbing against his leg like a cat on all fours.
"Uh sure, sure", he muttered while scratching the top of her hair covered head "now what do Felenzines eat?"  He looked at the refrigerator then before taking a second step towards it stopped scratching and looked down.  He had just realized that she had short cut hair on her head and not the rougher fur that she had on the rest of her body.  Chia seemed to miss the scratching and pushed her head into his hand to make him start again.  "Well Chia, what do YOU want to eat?"
Chia's eyes opened wide "Stake! Chia want stake" She started rubbing against his legs and weaving in between them.  On one pass her tail rubbed along his crotch.
"HEY!  Ok, ok.  Let's see about that stake eh?"  He said frantically untangling himself from her and stumbling towards the refrigerator. 

JT:
	Shaking Chia away he finally made it to the fridge door. The giant refrigerator looked like an antique from the 1930’s, another sign of Hanson’s affluence. The door swung open filling the small kitchen with light. Who needs the new Florissant lights when you have this thing. Chane rummaged through the common items looking for anything to feed the felenzine. Pulling open one of the compartments he saw large plastic containers labeled “Chia” and “Bouser.”
	Chane pulled one of Chia’s containers and placed it on the kitchen table. “Here we go. This looks like the one you want.”
	Chia frowned when Chane tore off the plastic cover. A brown mixture spilled on to the tabletop. The smell assaulted Chane’s senses. The food seemed to be made up of soy-rice with a rich gravy. By the look on Chia face, she was not happy. 
	Chane grinned. “Well it’s not stake, but it’s food.” 
	Chia slowly dipped her finger into the dark muck. “Chia never get stake.”
	She filled her hands with the food and drank deeply, not letting one drop fall off her hands. By the way the felenzine ate the concoction, Chane could tell she was hungry. Chane realized why the taste of meat might be dangerous. If a felenzine was ever starved, a small child may end up a meal. This world has enough horrors, no need to add anymore.
	As Chia ate, Chane explored the small home. The den was well put together with the sign of a decorator’s touch. Abstract art adored the walls and antiques dominated the room, as if to show them off. Chane entered the bedroom seeing a king-size bed with metal chains hanging from the bed posts. Examining the shackles he picked out bits of Chia’s reddish fur making the impression that Chia was more than a house pet. Searching the room he found a picture of Phillip with Chia on his back with a huge bulldog by his side. The dog came up to Phil’s waist and bristled with muscles. Not quite a caninzine, but definitely genetically altered. This must be Bouser. Chane looked through a bedroom window sizing up the doghouse and wondered why the dog did not attack.
	Chane stepped out into the hall and walked down the hallway checking each room. When Chane saw the doorknob missing from the last door, he knew he found what he was looking for. Pushing open the broken door revealed a ransacked room. A room in such chaos seemed to violate the orderly home.
	“Chia! Come here!” Chane heard her scamper through the hall. She crept around the corner and stood on her hind legs, “What happened here?”
	Chia whimpered. “Chia hide. When bad man came, he did. He look like Philly, but not smell like Philly. He smell bad.”
	Chane stepped over some shattered furniture only to crush a pile of mini-disks under his boot. Crouching down, he scanned the room for what he sought. He followed a bundle of power-cords running along the wall to a smashed desk. Moving to the roll-down desk, he tried to lift the cover. Pulling hard, the desk would not open. The cover was stuck with splinters wedged in the grooves.
	Extending his index finger Chane formed the pattern for Fire. Focusing the heat on the end of his finger, he placed the burning fire on the cover. He moved his finger across the roll-top, cutting it like a welding torch. When he was finished the cover gave way falling to the floor. Inside a thin black metal square with a red dome in the middle gleamed in the light. On the side read Samsun III.
	Samsun was the biggest computer maker in Singapore. The company had almost cornered the market with its new holo-projector series. Chane still preferred the older monitor based computer, not to mention, he did not have the money to afford a Samsun. And this was the newest model.
	Hoping the computer still worked, Chane hands searched the eight by ten inch square for the power switch. He found the switch on the bottom and brought the computer to life. A holographic projection of the company’s logo appeared above the machine along with the word: waiting.
	Chane grabbed the interface glove lying on the floor and slipped it over his right hand. Pulling up a stool he sat down. The headset, I need that too. Inspecting the floor he found the headset under a pile of manuals and plugged it into the Samsun. Mounting the headset around his ears, he pulled the mike to his lips. Good thing I didn’t cancel my subscription to Omni. Without it, I wouldn’t have a clue how to operate this thing.
	“Start, twenty inch display,” Chane ordered into the mike. The projector created a whirling display of icons that stayed within a twenty inch barrier. Chane’s gloved hand touched the incorporeal icons beginning the startup sequence he wanted. Chane’s face was bathed in light as he watched icons fly by on the translucent screen. 
	“Stop!” The machine froze, not even making a sound. The communications icon pulse in front of him. Touching the icon changed the screen into a list of subdirectories. Passing his finger over the titles, they become bright green as the glove detected them. Chane sighed when, at last, he found he one he wanted. Touching the icon called “The Circle,” Chane became frustrated when the icon grew bright red.
	“Open communications subdirectory The Circle,” Chane barked. 
	A cool mechanical voice came through the headset. “Subdirectory requires password.”
	“Show password screen.” 
	The imaged changed into a black screen with one horizontal line passing through it. Also a colorful keyboard appeared below the image. Chane frowned when he saw no letters on the keyboard, only different colors. As he touched one of the keys and a loud, sharp tone resonated in the room. The line across the screen waved franticly. Touching another key a different tone came from the machine. Punching the other keys he sounded like a child playing a piano. Oh, no. A normal password I could make a good guess but there is no way I could guess a musical password.
	Chia laughed behind him. “You not know Philly’s song. Bad man did not know,” Chia paused with a look of concentration, “Na, na, mu, ta, du. Too bad he not find Chia.”
	Chane smiled. “Morgan is your friend. Please, sing the song again.”
	“Mor-gan, friend.” 
	Chia sang the notes in perfect pitch as Chane hunted for the right tones on the keyboard. Putting the notes in order the screen changed to the list with “The Circle” in green. Tapping the title transformed the picture into two halves. The left side was an electronic mail box and the right a list of names. Chane was familiar with them all: Seneca, a famous ancient Greek philosopher, Montaigne, a French philosopher dedicated to learn the meaning of life, Goethe, his own alias, Rousseau, a French philosopher and anarchist, Dante, an Italian theologian, Kang Yu-wei, Chinese philosopher who fought for equality, and Madame Curie, the scientist who discovered radiation. 
	All of them made up The Circle within the city, but Chane loomed at the name Madame Curie. I thought she dropped out of the Circle eight years ago. What is Margaret doing talking to Hanson? He did not know any of the others, due to the pact to keep their true identities secret. Chane had only met Hanson in person and he found Margaret by accident. The thought about what happened to Hanson entered his mind and made him wince. One of us is selling The Circle out.                       

BK:
	It was several hours before Chane and Chia arrived back at Chane’s modest home.  It was set back from the street several hundred feet, hidden behind the drooping limbs of willow trees.  It was a peaceful refuge from the chaos of the outside world.
	The walkway wound across the lawn, crushed gravel lined with small white stones.  He had laid the walkway himself, considering more the asthetics of the path than the actual process of getting from the street to the front door.  One curve took him past the rock garden that he cultivated daily, another around a giant willow tree that had been big when the house was built, nearly 80 years ago.  
	Chia stuck close to him as he marched up the path, looking around but never leaving the path.  She flinched when a rabbit darted across the path in front of her, and Chane could swear he heard a low growling, but she stayed right next to him.
	He let them in through the front door, turning on lights as he went.  Chia bounded on to the couch and sat there, staring at the blank television screen.  Chane rarely watched tv, it was one of those distractions of the modern day that only served to weigh down the spirit.  He only had one because his visitors seem to expect one, and he did his best not to stand out too much.  He had to hunt for the remote, and found it on a side table, under a well worn copy of Faber’s Liber Ivonis.  
After washing his face and changing clothes, he went back to check on Chia.  She was still perched on the couch, staring at the tv.  
“Chia, stay here, ok?  I’ll be back soon”
She grunted, never pulling her eyes away from the screen.
In his meditiation room, he sat down and closed his eyes.  It normally took him three breaths to reach the meditative state; after todays tumultuous events, it took nearly a dozen. 
	He floated alone and formless in the black expanse of meditation.  Peace was slow in coming, but it eventually did.  The gnawing worry melted away and dropped into the void below him, like leaves falling away from a tree.  Even the ache in his head and stomach reliquished their hold and faded away.  He stayed there for a while, letting nothing flow through him, over him, around him.
	They had found Hanson in the basement of his home.  He was lying spread eagle on a pool table, hands and feet bound to the sturdy table legs.  And every inch of his skin had been peeled off.  Chia merely poked her head into the room, took a single sniff, and fled upstairs with a terrified wail.
	Chane had forced himself to move through the room, and answered the mystery of the missing Bouser.  The dog had apparently stayed with it’s master until the very end, and judging from the dog’s wounds, had not gone down gently.  Man’s best friend indeed.
	He hunted for clues, anything that would explain this massacre, but found nothing.  No reason at all.  On his way back out, he stopped next to the body, closed his eyes, and concentrated.  He slowly wove fire into the body, the table, the walls of the room.  He forced as much energy as he could muster into the weave, then tied it off without releasing it.  When he opened his eyes, nearly every surface of the room had a light pink mist clinging to it.  
	Upstairs, he did the same thing twice more, once in the computer room, and once in the living room.  The effort of maintaining the three fields was making his already sore head throb and he had to wipe sweat off of his face several times.
	He found Chia curled up under a table shivering.  It took some coaxing to get her to stand.  He draped her in a robe that he had found in Hanson’s room, then pushed her towards the back door.  She wanted to stop and smell the mist, but Chane pushed her out, through the back yard, and down the rear alley.
	Only when they were several blocks away did he finally release the fields.  He felt rather than heard the house explode.  Car alarms could be heard up and down the street.  He watched the smoke boiling up into the morning sky for a moment then turned.  He hoped it was enough.
	Floating in the void, he shuddered.  Seeing Hanson like that drove home the reality of the struggle that they all faced.  What all of humanity faced, even if they didn’t know it.  He never felt particularly close to Hanson, and from the manicles in Hanson’s bedroom, was pretty sure he wouldn’t have been friends with the man.  Still, he was an associate, a fellow soldier in this last battle of humanity.  His death had been a costly one.  Who else had he compromised before he died?  
And the book, the Xiang Shu Codex, was not anywhere in Hanson’s home.  He would never see Fu-lin freed from the demons that haunted her, unless he could find the book and binding formulae that it contained.
He opened his mind and drank in the nothingness, letting it purge the fear and growing concern that he felt.  He would not be effective if he was fettered by his own doubts.  He repeated the mantras and koans that he had been taught.
	A memory came unbidden to him then, from half a lifetime ago.  The day he left the temple and walked out of Tibet.  The day before the Chinese bombers had blown the temple off of the side of the mountain.  The Sadama had personally seen Chane to the path leading to the lowlands.  Chane had argued against leaving.
	The voice floated out of the void, memory and reality mingling in this place.  “You see your path before you, many don’t even see theirs.  Your knowledge is enough, but more importantly, you are aware of what you do not know.  Your aspect is that of a fire in the void”.  
Chane had been puzzled.  “My master, if there is a fire, then there is not truly a void.”  The Sadama only smiled.
“Understanding is a slippery path my son; answers are not always given, and rarely understood when they are.  Do not think about the path.  Walk the path.  Only then will you reach your destination.” 	The void pulsed, once, twice, a deep red replacing the black for a split second.  One of his wards had been crossed.  He let go of nothing and embraced reality.
He was sitting in a lotus position on the hard stone floor.  The ache in his head and stomach rushed back with vengence.  Nearly a dozen candles burned in small alcoves set in the wall, tiny pinpricks of light.  They brightened as he stood.
The meditation room was circular, nearly fifteen feet across and utterly bare apart from the candles.  A small door way was directly in front of him, and just beyond was Chia, on her knees, wringing her hand.
Chane sighed.  It was Chia that had touched the ward he placed around this room.  He had told her not to enter the room, and apparently curiosity had gotten the better of her.  This was precisely why Chane didn’t have any pets.  Or women, for that matter.  And Chia was both.
He ducked through the door and moved past her.  She was immediately at his side, alternating between crawling on all fours and walking in a strangly squatted fashion.  
“Chia sorry.  Chia miss Morgan.  Morgan sit and not move.  Chia worried.”
“I’m fine Chia”, Morgan said as headed to the kitchen to find some aspirin.  He was going to have to figure out what to do with her fairly quickly.  It was clear why Hanson had kept her around, and it was becoming clear that in Chia’s eyes, Chane was going to fulfill Hanson’s role in her life.  The thought made him cringe.  Despite her speech and pretty features, she was still an animal.  Men were not made to lie with animals.
The only reason that he even brought her to his home was because she had looked so pitiful at Hanson’s home.  Her home.  He couldn’t just burn it down and leave her standing there.  He would have to figure something out.
In the refrigerator was half of a pizza that he’d had delivered a few days before.  He heated it in the microwave, and then set it on the table.  “Try this”, he murmured to Chia.  She took a few sniffs, then a tentative bite of one piece. 
“Stake!” she yelled, and dove in. 
While she ate, he sat at the computer terminal at one end of the kitchen and flipped it on.  Unlike the high tech Samsun at Hanson’s house, this was a simple character display and old fashion keyboard.  He didn’t need more than that, so he didn’t bother with more.
The system finally came up, then the encryption layers, and he was finally connected.  He composed a message to the other members of the circle and sent it off.  Socrates is dead.  The Circle is compromised. I was attacked myself.  Be careful.  
The responses were immediate, all expressing concern for him, and shock for Hanson.  He quickly filled them in on the details.  One person didn’t respond, and before today, he wouldn’t have noticed.  But the list of names on Hanson’s computer bothered him.  He held his breath and typed.  Madam Curie> Are you there?  There was no response.  After a minute, he realized that he was still holding his breath, and let it out in a rush.  It had been a long shot.
Behind him, Chia had finished off the pizza and hopped down to the floor.  She worked her way under the desk where Chane was sitting and curled up there.  Chane groaned and made room for her under the desk.  This situation was going to have to change.
He finished his conversations with the rest of the Circle, everyone agreeing that they would be careful over the next few days.  He was about to logout of the computer, when two things happened at the same time.
At the bottom of his screen, a message appeared. 
[Madam Curie] Morgan?  He stared in shock.
And under the desk, Chia started to lick his feet.  At the feel of her very human tongue, Chane yelped and jerked back.  Chia was so startled that she tried to bolt out from other the desk, but got tangled up in the cords.  She lunged, and pulled the cords out with her.  Out of the wall.  
The computer powered down.  
It took him less than a minute to get everything plugged back in, and an impatient minute after that to get the machine booted.  He completely ignored Chia weeping in the living room.
He frantically typed a message, and when a minute passed with no response, another message, and another after that.  He sat staring at the screen until the blackness outside his window turned a steely gray, but there were no more responses. 

IM:

	He hoped maybe running a trace on her last message would give him something or somewhere more concrete to send a message to other than just her chat name.  The program had only been running for a few seconds when another message popped up.
	[Madam Curie] Morgan stop running that trace, quickly!
	He fumbled with the pointer to hit the cancel and get back at the keyboard at the same time.
	[Goethe] Sorry but I was --
	[Madam Curie] It was a very badly done program the next little chat window came up before he could finish typing and it was undermining the work I was doing on trying to get a secure tunnel to you.  She must either be a typing speed daemon or using a direct neural link to get the characters to appear so quickly on his screen.
	[Madam Curie] The tunnel is complete several of his other chat boxes disappeared from the screen what did you want to talk to me about?
	[Goethe] Phillip Hanson, he’s been killed.  He was in possession of a book that I need to get from him.
	[Madam Curie] Yes the Codex, I saw your messages to the others, and probably so did anyone else who might have been paying attention.  Don’t worry too much, I doubt anyone was.  But things are changing.
	[Goethe] So what do you know of the book?
	[Madam Curie] You have Chia with you? The letters flashed on his screen.
	[Goethe] Yes,he typed back.
	[Madam Curie] Then why don’t you just ask her she can tell you.
	[Goethe] Because she can’t give me the in depth answers I need and she doesn’t seem very smart.
	[Madam Curie] Oh!  Is she giving you a lot of mono-syllable answers?
	[Goethe] Yes, is she just playing dumb?  I thought Felenilinzes weren’t that bright.
	[Madam Curie] Normal ones aren’t, but Chia is different.  And I don’t think that she’s playing at it.  Her last owner was a bastard and she’s probably still under.  I’m going to send you a document that used to be his.  I think it should explain a bit more about Chia and help you get some answers.
	After a few seconds an icon was flashing for his attention.  It was the document she wanted him to have.  He accepted it, knowing that his Nort-affee anti-nukeware would scan every byte of the file as it was sent to him for anything that would harm his system and clean it.
	[Madam Curie] The password is “meatpuppet”, popped into the chat window Once again the guy was sick.  I’ll be in touch with you in a day or so if you still have questions.  Tunnels like these tend to draw attention if they’re not being used by some mega-corp.
	Her window faded from the screen and he was dumped from the chatting software with a little error message saying the program had done something bad and the OS was shutting it down.  After all this time Microsquish still had not gotten Doorways to run quite right.
	Chane pulled up the document in his editor and looked it over.  Mostly it was on the things Phillip liked to do to Chia and how much more enjoyable she was after he had her reprogrammed with hypnosis.  This only reaffirmed his dislike for the guy.  He found a section on how to undo the programming, and also discovered what she had been made for.  She was a body guard and VERY intelligent from what he could tell.  He printed off the section on the deprogramming and called Chia into the living room.
	She padded into the room and perched on the floor in front of him while he sat on the couch.  There was just enough room for her to sit there between him and the coffee table.  He said the phrase aloud to Chia and her almost vacant stare seemed to become more focused, almost as though she was studying him.
	“Chia, do you know where you are?”  He asked hope for a bit more than ‘Chia home’ answer.
	“Yes, I am at your home.” She stated clearly but with a slight purr.  He definitely hadn’t expected such a structured reply.  “You might want to close your mouth before you start attracting flies.”  He quickly shut his moth with a clack of teeth.  Chane had not realized he had been THAT shocked.
	“Well I didn’t expect that.  So what do you know about the Xiang Shu Codex?”
	“I know it is a book.  When that bast— uh when Master Hanson had me…” she paused for a moment searching for the right term to use, “UNDER the compulsion my retention is not what it should be.  If he did something or talked about it around me of late I really can not recall it too well.”
	“Oh…” he breathed slumping deeper into the couch.  A dead-end.
	“Did something, ‘bad’ happen to Master Hanson?”  She cocked her head to one side and her eye brows were furrowed as though she were trying to remember something.
	“If you called being skined alive ‘bad’ then yes I would say so.”  At his mention of the skinning she straightened up for a moment then seemed to sulk in on herself.  “You really don’t remember that do you?  He’s dead now.”
	She had gotten up from where she had been sitting and paced around the table.  “I failed.”  She appeared to be talking more to herself than Chane.  “But how could I NOT fail if he kept me in that mental state” She kept pacing and muttering to herself but Chane couldn’t really hear what she was saying.  Suddenly she stopped pacing and looked at him.  “You saved me from the fire at his house, yes?”  He nodded and before he could get a word in that the fire was his doing she was down on one knee her right arm across her chest and head down low.
	“Then I pledge my claws to guard your life with my own.”  She stayed like that, motionless, as if waiting for a response.
	“Uhhhh look I can’t have you going—“ he started uncomfortably.
	“You would reject me?”  She looked up at him and wore the most heart wrenching face he had ever seen on anyone.  He logical side was telling him yes, this would be the best time to get back to being on his own as he normally worked, but his compassionate side had already betrayed him.
	“No!  It’s just that—“ he stammered
	“Good then it is decided.”  She cut him off before he could finish his thought.  “Now do you have any light clothes that might fit me?  I really hated being treated like a meatpuppet.”  She growled the last statement through clenched teeth.
--=<%>=--
	The news on the TV was boring to Chane.  They never seemed to be anything noteworthy to report just doom and gloom.  There always seemed to be plenty of that to go around.  He wasn’t even sure why he was watching it other than to kill some time while Chia helped herself to some of the clothes in his closet.  Just as he was flipping the channel to see what was on Fox, when Chia came into the living room.
	She was walking on her “hind” legs but doing it surprisingly well.  He had expected her to walk more like a cat being held up by its forepaws but she walked comfortably on just two.  She had taken an old brown and green striped poncho and cinched it at her waist with one of his wider belts.  It came down to around her knees and hung loosely about her frame.  
	“Well what do you think?” She mewled twirling gracefully like a ballerina.
	“It looks good on you.  It’s never looked that great on me anyway.  Why’d you go with that and not some of the sweat clothes in there?”
	She looked at him with half lidded eyes.  “When was the last time you were around a wet cat?  I may have a lot of feline genes in me but I do sweat.  If it were not for the real short fur, I would probably offend even your nose.”
	He hadn’t really thought about that.  She sat down in the easy chair near the couch in that very cat-like manner with her feet underneath her and just in front of her feet.
	“So what are you going to do now to find the book?”
	“I’m not sure not sure now,” he said absently flipping the channel again a few times more before turning it off.  “I was hoping you might know something about it that would help, but…” He let the sentence trail off.  If she didn’t really know anything then there was no point going down that road.
	“Well, I vaguely remember Hanson like to hang around with some of his bondage freak friends,” she said it like it left a bad taste in her mouth “at some club just for that kind of thing.  The Turquoise Shellfish, I think.”
	Chane had been sitting up and on the edge of his seat at hearing that, he thought he remembered seeing a place like that on his way home from work.  “Looks like you have been of help after all.”  He said stifling a yawn.  “Well it’s getting late and I’ve got to go to work tomorrow.  We can look into this place tomorrow night.”  He stood up and headed for the bedroom.  Halfway there he turned.  “Will the couch be alright for you to sleep on?”
	She cocked her head while looking at the couch.  “It will do.”  But she didn’t sound too thrilled with it.
	Chane dressed in light silk pajamas and climbed into bed and drifted off to sleep almost immediately.
In the middle of the night his bladder woke him.  As he was dragging himself out of the bed to head to the bathroom, a shape at the foot of his bed startled him.  In the dim light from outside the window he could make out Chia raising her head to look at him with eyes that almost seemed to glow.  She briefly scanned the room, and after being unable to find anything in the room that would make him gasp so loudly, she curled back up.  He was about to throw her out of the room, but she looked so peaceful and he couldn’t think straight with the pressure inside his bladder.
	After relieving himself, he took another look at the curled up mass of Chia.  She hadn’t made any more advances towards him since he brought her from under the compulsion, maybe she would stay that way.  Besides he thought to himself as he slipped back under the covers trying hard not to disturb her. She really helps to warm that bed of the bed.  He dozed back to sleep.

JT:
	Chane tossed and turned as his dreams became more vivid. The incident in the alley ran through his mind. He could feel the Skinners fist smashing into his face and its leg caving in his chest. Chane vision was blurred but he noticed the Skinner was not wearing Hanson’s skin. The pale creature with empty eyes laughed as Chane’s arm cracked on the alley wall. 
	Hunting in his pockets he could not find his gun to vanquish the beast. As the razor like teeth descended on his throat, the Skinner stopped. Time itself seemed frozen and the creature resembled a pale statue. As Chane crawled away the Skinner’s skin cracked open and peeled off in strips. Chane watched in horror as Hanson freed himself from the beast’s body. The Circle member stood silently giving Chane a remorseful stare. A long shadow moved into the alley and enveloped Hanson. Hanging his head low and shadow backed out of the alley taking Hanson with it. 
	The alley began to spin causing colors to blend together as Chane felt himself moving. His vision returned to normal revealing a calm green lawn. The grand mansion of Margaret McFarland stood before him. The mansion of white stone brick and castle architecture made it look like a fortress. Chane hoped he would find solace within the mansion’s walls but as he neared the home he felt a deep chill. Blood seeped from the cracks in the doors, blood dripped from the windowsills, and Chane could see the house filling with blood as the windows turned red. The terrible sight was happening too fast and Chane felt powerless to stop it. 
	Chane lurched from his bed. A cold sweat streaked down his face and he fought to catch his breath. He tediously tried to remember the last bits of his dream. Nothing came, but a faint sound of a woman’s screams.
	Chia popped her head up to see what was wrong. “You were having a nightmare. I tried to wake you, but I could not. Are you alright?”
	Chane stood and rushed to his dresser. Slipping on black trousers over his silk boxers, he pulled off his shirt and turned to Chia. “Margaret is in trouble, or is going to be. We have got to leave now!”
	“What is going to happen?”
	“I don’t know. All I know is I am going to see a person I swore I would never see again.”

	Chane and Chia waited by the street for the cab. Luckily it was the predawn hours or getting a cab would be next to impossible. The cab came to screeching halt and Chane hurried Chia inside. Chane promised twenty percent more if the cabby could cross New Haven in under thirty minutes. Stepping on the gas, the cabby worked to earn his twenty percent.
	The city slowly awoke from its slumber. More cars appeared as they passed over the Delaware Crossing, a bridge named after Washington’s famous attack on Trenton. The lights covering the city began going off in sections, as if retreating from the dawning sun. Although the city was a prime example of modern architecture, the city looked tired and worn.
	In 2001, the idea of New Haven was the brainchild of three major mega-corps to make a city to house their national headquarters. Right in-between Philadelphia and Trenton the corps claimed to offer an alternative to hectic city life. By the time the plans where laid out the three cities had became one, and New Haven was an island in the middle of urban sprawl. The people were either employed by one firm or the other and new jobs opened as buildings sprouted up overnight. The orderly life that New Haven offered improved the lives of its citizens and was a shining example of the city of the future. The city the corps ran looked to be a dream come true, until the recession of 2050.
	One of corporations went bankrupt, with the other fleeing overseas to make better investments. With only one mega-corp ruling over the great expanse of the new city, stability began to wane. Taxes skyrocketed, utilities broke down, crime ran rampant, and population plummeted. In a desperate act to find revenue, the city council legalized drugs, gambling, and prostitution. By 2070, New Haven was the new sin city of the United States.
	Chane remembered the day the Colloquium ordered him to leave his ill-fated monastery to take his place as a member of a new Circle in New Haven. The secret society of magi place their agents in areas across the globe were negative energy is most intense. In these places where the barrier between realities is slowly worn thin, the Circle would be humanity’s watchdog. But now the invaders seem to no longer fear the watchdog. 
	The cab dropped the two off in front of Margaret’s pristine mansion. Chane was relieved to see the Jaguar in the drive and there was no sign of forced entry. Stepping on to the porch a runic picture caught Chane’s eye. Leaning down turned a potted plant around to examine the runic symbols etched in clay. Scanning the rest of the porch, he saw the same symbols on the metal tubes of windchimes ringing in the wind. Margaret’s perpetual sentries.  
	Chane rang the bell as Chia’s small frame was concealed behind him. After a few minutes the door cracked open. Margaret’s face had aged since he last saw her and the years were not kind. She could have easily be mistaken for an elderly women, even though, she was only fifty.
	Margaret lifted her glass of bourbon to her lips and swallowed it down in one shot. “Morgan, what the hell are you doing? I told you I would contact you in a few days. Now leave.”
	“There is no time Maggie. Can I come in or do I have to camp out on your porch until you talk to me?”
	Margaret frowned and waved him in. As Chane stepped by Margaret, Chia followed creeping behind him. Margaret’s eyes lit up as she saw the impressive felenzine. Margaret abruptly interposed herself in Chia’s path. Margaret’s hand gripped Chia’s chin and moved her head from side to side. Margaret was elated as she was appraised the catwoman.
	“She’s marvelous. Herald and I wanted one but the Persian genetic code never did come out right. Show me your claws little one,” Margaret ordered. 
	Chia raised her hand next to her chin gritting her teeth. Chane saw muscles contract in Chia’s fingers that thrust out her fingernails. When Chia’s nails stopped growing the claws turned down looking like viscous hooks.
	“A real home defense model. Hanson was truly wasting your talents,” Margaret faced Chane, “did you fix it’s speech impediment?”
	Chia pulled away form Margaret’s grip. “I can speak just fine, Mrs. McFarland.”                                    
	“Well, how quaint,” Margaret moved to the large divan in the middle of the room and sat down. She rubbed her hand on the pillows ridding herself of Chia’s loose hairs. “So Morgan, what has possessed you to break your sworn oath never to see me again.”
	Chane sat across from her, putting his hand together. “I couldn’t use the net, something is keeping tabs on us. After I talked with you and had a vision that came to me in a dream. I saw your mansion covered in blood and heard your voice crying out. I believe you are next.”
	Margaret let out a nervous laugh. “That’s preposterous, I have been out of the Circle since Harold’s death. You are shaken by Hanson’s passing, that’s all. He was an obsessive antiquarian and he probably had dealings with the other side that went awry. The attack on you was an opportunity the Skinner couldn’t pass up. It happens to people in our unique position. And it is more than likely Hanson compromised the Circle.”
	Chane face became red with frustration. “No! It wasn’t him. I saw him in my vision to. His face was gripped by remorse. I could not tell why, maybe because I was attacked, or he lost the Codex, or how he lived his life. But I know he was no traitor. His computer files on us were locked down and the Skinner failed to find them. One of our own is helping those things to wipe us out. It is the only explanation how those creatures found our identities.”
	A deep sigh came from Margaret. She looked at Chane as if he was a confused child. “Morgan, listen to yourself. The Outsiders have never been so bold before. To attack a Circle directly would be inane. Our unspoken truce would be broken and the Colloquium would take action. The Circles purpose is to stop on any creatures that step out of line. The Outsiders even play a helpful role in society.”
	Chane sneered in disgust. “How can you say that?”
	“They feed off the scum of the streets. So what, if they abduct homeless people for their experiments and use junkies in their Thrul labs. The more they take the less we have to deal with them.”
	Her cold words stabbed deeply into Chane’s sense of justice. “ They’re human beings, Maggie. I hoped Harold’s death would have changed you. He understood their evil, why can’t you!”
	Margaret slammed down her glass shattering it on the coffee table. Tears swelled in her eyes. “Harold died a fool. He was a crusader like you and died for what? So some no-name homeless person could mourn his death. I told him to call the police to raid that Thrul lab but he insisted on going alone. He was afraid the cops couldn’t tell the Thruls from their victims. Like it would make any difference.” 
	Chane felt pity and anger for the weeping dowager. He was here to save her and only managed attack her with memories of her ex-husband. Chane had never met Herold but he admired the millionaire for his relentless pursuit of the Outsiders. I am sorry Herald. Chane pounded his fist into the arm of the chair for his outburst. He cried out as his left arm racked with pain.
	Margaret composed herself as she wiped the tears away. “What’s wrong?”
	“It’s nothing, I hurt my arm fighting the Skinner.” 
	“It does not sound like nothing to me.” Margaret walked over to Chane and rolled up his left sleeve. His forearm was covered with a dark blue bruise encompassing his arm. “Oh, for God’s sake. Didn’t you learn any of the Life or Essence patterns.”
	“It takes too long, besides I set the bone and blocked the pain out with mediation. But I seem to have lost my concentration.”
	“You and Harold are so alike. Learning all the most offensive patterns first and not giving a damn about self-protection.” Margaret placed her hand on the bruise and closed her eyes. Her hand became burning hot on Chane’s skin. The bruise receded under her palm as she glided her hand around his arm. When she was finished, there was no evidence of Chane’s injury.
	“Thanks Maggie, I am sorry for bringing Harold into this.”
	Margaret walked to the bar to pour herself another drink. “Let’s agree to disagree and leave it at that. So, you came to protect me. Is that it?”
	“Yes, and to ask for your help. I know you and Harold have seen other Circle members. You must tell me if you know them and where I can find them.”
	Margaret was shocked. “You expect me to break my oath as easily as you. Do you have any idea what will happen if the Colloquium finds out?”
	“Damn it Maggie, you must believe me. If we do not act fast their will no one left to report to them. You did not see the Skinner’s eyes. I have never seen such rage and contempt. I was not a snack to him, I was his target.”
	With a chagrin Margaret picked up her purse from a bar stool and rummaged through it. She held out a purple flier in hand and passed it to Chane.  “This is where you can find Rousseau. Don’t ask how I know.”
 The flier read: The Turquoise Shellfish presents Lost Dogs the thrash-tech band to get you in the whipping mood. 12 till morning. One night only.  
	 Her name is Jett and she plays in the band. She is some prodigy the Colloquium found in Mexico but she’s young and has a wild streak a mile wide.”
	“This is more than coincidence,” Chane frowned then he read the address, “no cabby in his right mind would go to the East Side after dark.”
	Margaret tossed keys to Chane. “You can use Harold’s car. His stuff is still in the trunk if you need it.”
	Chane nodded and turned to Chia. “I want you to stay here and protect Maggie while I am gone. I’ll be back as soon as I can.” 
	Chia shook her head. “No! I want to go! I can protect you.”
	“Don’t argue with me! I can protect myself. Maggie needs you more than me. She can’t do the things I can. I have to leave now, the traffic alone will take hours to get through.”
	
	As the door slammed, Margaret placed her hand on Chia’s furred shoulder. “He will be alright my dear. Now go to the kitchen and I’ll have the maid fix you something to eat.”
	Chia moped silently into the next room towards the kitchen. When Chia was out of sight, Margaret pulled a cell-phone from her pocket. Opening the receiver she hit the auto dial and held it to her ear. “We may have a problem,” she whispered.             

BK:
	He pulled the Jaguar out on to the street and headed east.  The car was luxurious, with real leather seats, mahogany paneling, digital everything in the dashboard.  Chane didn’t own a car and hardly ever drove.  A car was just one more piece of material baggage.  
	As he pulled into traffic on Lantern Street, the main strip in this section of New Haven, he glanced in the rear view mirror.  Then did a double take.  Faintly etched in one corner of the mirror was another one of Margaret’s runes.  This one looked like a stick figure, arms out straight, balancing on one leg with the other leg out straight, parallel to it’s right arm.  It looked like a little man dancing.  He frowned at the rune, uneasy for some reason that he couldn’t quite put his finger on.
	He accelerated up to 60, glad that the pre-dawn traffic was light.  He was about to pull onto the freeway when the phone rang.  He was so startled that he missed the onramp completely.  He cursed and pulled the car over to the side of the road.  It wasn’t his personal cell phone, that had a different ring.  This was in the car.  He finally found it under the arm rest that divided the front seat in two, and answered the phone on the seventh ring.
	“Hello”, he said, expecting Margaret.  He was wrong.
	“You must be Goethe.”  The voice at the other end was very deep and melodic.  Very smooth.  Very unfamiliar.
	“Who the hell is this”, Chane demanded.
	There was a slight pause, and then “I am someone who has decided that rocks do not, in fact, have spirits”.  Chane frowned, then smiled.  It was Kang Yu-wei.  Only last week they had been debating online about the nature of spirituality, especially as it applied to inanimate things.  Yu-wei was one of the Circle that Chane felt a particular kinship to.  
	And if he didn’t want to say his name, Chane understood.  He glanced again at the Dancing Man rune on the rear view mirror.  “I understand”
	“It is urgent that I speak with you immediately,” Yu-wei said.  “Where can we meet?”
	Chane frowned.  The last circle member who had wanted to meet with him had been Socrates.  He didn’t want to get ambushed again.  He was definitely not going to meet anyone in another dark alley.
Yu-wei apparently sensed the hesitation.  “I only ask this of you because the circumstances are very grave.  The events of the last few days have made you wary, no doubt.  But this is important.  You decide the terms of our meeting.”
Just ahead of Chane was the parking lot of an International House of Pancakes.  He said nothing as he pulled in to the parking lot and stopped the car.  “Have you had breakfast?  There is an IHOP at Lantern and Riverview.  I’ll meet you there.  And give me your phone number.”  Yu-wei hesitated for only a second, then complied.
Chane hung up and got out of the car.  Traffic was light, but he hurried across the six lanes of Lantern to Mama Kawana’s Hawaiian Delight, another 24 hour restaraunt.  On the other side, he pulled out his cell phone and dialed the number that Yu-wei had given him.  Yu-wei answered on the second ring.  “Slight change of plans, meet me across the street at Mama Kawana’s”.
Yu-wei repeated the name, and told Chane that he would be there in five minutes.
Inside, Chane asked for a booth at the front window.  From there, he had a clear view of the IHOP and Harold’s Jaguar.  He studied the menu, trying to decide between pinapple pancakes, or scrambled eggs and sausage, when someone slid into the seat opposite him.  He lowered the menu to give a greeting and just gasped.
The man sitting across the table from him was the largest black man that Chane had ever seen.  Easily a head taller than Chane, with heavily muscled shoulders.  Dreadlocks pulled back into a kind of ponytail hung nearly to his waist.  A wide smile was circled by a full goatee.
“Yu-wei?” Chane asked weakly.
The grin was even bigger as Yu-wei nodded.  “What’s wrong, I’m not quite as Chinese as you expected?”  The voice was the same that Chane had heard on the phone.
Yu-wei studied the menu for a moment, then looked up to see Chane still staring at him.  He sighed and put the menu down.  “You didn’t expect me to think that you were German because you chose the name Goethe, did you?”
The waitress came just then, and Chane ordered the sausage and eggs.  Yu-wei ordered the Big Kahuna, a full twelve egg omlette.  She left a pot of coffee and two cups, which Chane helped himself to.  After a sip, he set the cup down, folded his hands on the table, and looked at Yu-wei.  “How did you know I was in Margaret’s car?”
Yu-wei smoothed his goatee and stirred his coffee, then carefully set the spoon down before looking at Chane.  
“I followed you to Margaret’s house.  I had actually been watching Socrate’s home, and saw you and the Felenzine come out.  I didn’t know who you were at that point, and very nearly attacked.”  He sighed.  “I’ve always wondered if it was a good idea to keep the kind of secrecy that we have.  I wonder how many times circle members have acted against each other without knowing it.”
Chane nodded.  “I’ve thought that myself, on occasion.”
Yu-wei stared thoughtfully at his coffee for a moment.  “You know that Margaret gave the Felenzine to Socrates, right?”  He smiled as Chane choked on a sip of coffee.  “I guess you didn’t.”
“It’s very rare for anyone to ever leave a Circle.  Alive and sane, anyway.  When Margaret did, after Harold’s death, most didn’t blame her.  But the Colloquium wasn’t so sure.  Harold died under somewhat suspicious circumstances, so I was given the unhappy task of keeping an eye on her.
“Margaret has kept a very low profile, and her home is extensively warded.  It made it very difficult for me to figure out what she was doing when she was in there, but I have been able to see the results when she reaches out of her little web.  I knew that she was talking to Socrates, so I had to begin monitoring him as well.  I saw when she sent the Felenzine to him.”
Chane leaned forward and poked a finger at Yu-wei.  “What is it that you keep hinting at about Chia?”
The waitress arrived with two steaming plates.  Yu-wei’s omlette was the side of a hubcap.  Chane picked at his food, while Yu-wei dug into his with the fervor of a starving man.  The two men were silent until Yu-wei had devoured nearly half of the omelet, then he slowed down to a more human pace.  In between bites, he continued his story.
“You know that she is not a normal Felenzine, right?”  Chane nodded.  “It never made you wonder why she is so different?  As far as I know, less than half a dozen have been found with her level of intelligence and abilities.  Do you know where they were found?”
Chane sat back in his seat and folded his arms across his chest.  “A Thrul lab?”
Yu-wei smiled, nodded, and ate a few more bites.  “Yep, a Thrul lab.  Human genetics have come a long way in the last century, but not far enough to produce something like Socrate’s little pet.  The Thrul have access to things that are clearly not human.  Now, how do you suppose Margaret ended up with a very rare Thrul creation?”
Chane glared at the man across the table.  “Are you telling me that Margaret is a traitor, that she’s a Darkling?”
Yu-wei’s smile faltered a little.  “Goethe, please believe me when I tell you that if I had enough solid proof to make an accusation like that, I would have already put a bullet in Margaret’s head and been done with it.  I don’t much proof, but I have a lot of circumstantial evidence, and a whole lot of questions.
“And one of those questions is how she got the Felenzine in the first place.  Harold was supposedly killed in an operation against the Thrul, and Margaret ends up with one of their little toys?  That doesn’t strike you as odd?”
Chane slowly nodded.  “When I first found Chia, she acted like a normal Felenzine.  Not too bright.  Hanson, uh, Socrates, was using her as some kind of sex toy.  But Margaret gave me a password that unlocked Chia’s mental block.  I just assumed that Hanson had told Margaret what the password was.”
 Yu-wei shrugged.  “Sure, that’s possible, I suppose.  I have another theory though, you want to hear it?”
“I’m not sure.”
“You’ll like this one.  How about this?  Margaret is really working for the Thrul.  She helps set Harold up, he gets killed, she drops out of the circle to avoid suspicion.  She receives the Felenzine and gives it to Socrates.  Maybe it really was trained as a toy, maybe it was just acting like one.  Either way, she kills, or helps kill Socrates.  Then you end up with the poor, helpless little critter.  Now, you and I have been talking for a couple of years now, and I feel like I know you.  I don’t think the love toy routine would work on you, you’re not into that sort of thing.  Right?”
Chane slowly shook his head.  He didn’t like where this conversation was going.
“Margaret knows that you are an intelligent guy, not prone to think with your genitals.  So the Felenzine suddenly, magically becomes intelligent.  Someone you would be more inclined to relate to, to trust.”
Chane rubbed his eyes.  “You’re telling me that I can’t trust either Margaret or Chia.  What makes me think that I can trust you?”
Yu-wei smiled ruefully.  “There’s the problem, no?  The only way I can respond to that is to say that you’d be a fool to trust me just because I say you should.  Look around, see what you see, make up your own mind.  I just wanted to tell you that there some things you should be a little suspicious of.”  
He popped the last bit of omelet into his mouth and sighed.  “Now that was a breakfast!”  He gulped the last of his coffee, tossed a twenty dollar bill on the table and stood.  “You didn’t say why you picked this place at the last minute, instead of the IHOP.  It clearly isn’t because you like the food.”  
Chane glanced at his plate, at the uneaten sausage and eggs.  “There was a rune on the mirror in Margaret’s car, a dancing man.  I got a strange feeling from it, like maybe she could use it to keep an eye on me.  Since you wanted to stay anonymous, it seemed like a good idea to switch at the last minute, maybe throw her off.”
Yu-wei laughed a deep, throaty chuckle.  “See?  You’re almost as paranoid as I am.  But I’ll tell you this: the paranoid live a little longer!”
They walked out of the restaurant.  The morning traffic was a little heavier, and Chane was dreading the run through it to get Margaret’s car.  
Yu-wei clapped him on the shoulder.  “Goethe, you have my cell number, call me if you get into trouble.  And think about what I’ve said.”
Chane started to reply when a faint whine quickly built up into a roar, behind and above him.  Something flashed by overhead.  He looked up to see a commuter aircraft hurtle by, barely missing the roof of Mama Kawana’s.  It was across the street in heartbeat, straight into the entrance of the IHOP.
The building exploded, debris blowing out onto the street.  Cars smashed into cars, and the roof of the building collapsed.  A huge fireball roiled into the sky, quickly turning to smoke.
	Chane stared openmouthed.  Yu-wei grabbed him and pulled him back into the entry they had just left as a brick and glass rained down around them.  
	“We’ve got to go help” Chane said and made to dart out.  Yu-wei kept his grip on Chane’s shirt, and pushed him up against the wall hard enough to knock his wind out.  He stepped close and hissed in Chane’s ear.
	“Listen to me, you moron.  That was not an accident.  That was meant for you.  Or for me, I suppose, but you’d still be dead.  My guess is that you were correct about the dancing man.  
	“Right now, they think you are dead.  If you run out there and play good samaritan, they will know that you are not.  They will not miss a second time.  Use the fact that you are dead to your advantage.”
	Chane stared at him, trying to get the air back into his lungs.  Behind Yu-wei, the former IHOP was burning furiously.  The plane must have had a full fuel load.  He nodded.
	Yu-wei released his grip and stepped back.  “If I were you, I would think carefully about who you can trust.  Where were you headed when I called you?”
	Chane ran his fingers through his hair, still watching the fire across the street.   “To talk to Rousseau.  Margaret knew her real name and where to find her.”
	Yu-wei grunted.  “There is another question for you.  How is it that Margaret, who has been out of the circle for eight years, knows the real names of at least three other circle members, when I still don’t know what your name is?  Just something to think about.  
	“Stay low Goethe, stay out of sight, don’t trust anyone.  This is a war, and the sloppy get killed.  Good luck my friend.”  
	Yu-wei turned and walked away very quickly, head down.  Chane watched him go, then turned and walked the other way.

IM:
	Chane got out of the cab and looked at his surroundings.  He was still several blocks away from the Turquoise Shellfish.  The cab driver refused to drive him any further into this seedy part of town even with the offer of a fifty- percent bonus.  It was just shy of eleven o’clock.  He wanted a little time to look around the place before trying to meet Rousseau.
This part of town was once used as a warehouse district and some light industrial work.  That was before the recession.  After times picked back up a bit this place never did.  Many of the lights on the street were out and those that were working seemed to provide only pools of light in a sea of darkness.  He knew that the moon was close to being full, just another two more days, but even the light from it would never penetrate the pollution and the reflected glare from the rest of the city.
As he got closer to the club he began to realize the people walking around in this area were probably more than just gang members but club goers.  There were people walking in the same general direction he was going in and dressed in some of the oddest and most provocative apparel imaginable.  It only got worse the closer he got.
	When he rounded the last corner he knew he was in the right place.  This area was a little more lit than the surrounding area had been, and there were lots of people on the street.  The front of the warehouse that had been converted into the club was brightly lit and a neon sign emblazoned the name across the front.  There was a knot of people in front of the double doors in all states of dress or undress.  At the center of the knot blocking the door was a large man picking and choosing who got in and who got to enjoy the company of the street people.
	Chane knew from the way the doorman was picking only the most outstanding outfits that he would probably not get chosen wearing only the dark blue shirt and black pants he had on.  Simply put, he looked too straight.  He began to slow his breathing and seek the void within.  He imagined a chrome sphere in that void that reflected back all the emptiness that surrounded it.  He had stumbled across this pattern at the monastery while contemplating Schroeder’s Cat.  One of the monks there had walked right into him breaking his concentration.  The monk had be frightened terribly saying that Chane had just appeared out of thin air.
	Chane waded through the throng of dominatrix, slaves, exhibitionists, and pets of all kinds.  No one seemed to mind his passage and the man at the door never took notice of him as he slipped past him.  It was always best to lie on a thinly frozen pond and slide across than to stomp your way across.
	Upon entering the club he almost lost his concentration.  He knew the place was huge but the lighting they used and the mirrors gave it an almost infinite interior.  But what had really come close to breaking him were the two enormous Caninzines that stood on either side of the doors he had just entered in through.  They looked like they were created from rottweiler stock and looked like they had gained every ounce of that breed’s ferocity in their seven foot three hundred plus pound frames.  One of the pair began sniffing the air in Chane’s general direction causing him to quicken his step to get away from the monstrosities.  There were several stairs around that spiraled up to catwalks at various heights.  Some of the catwalks lead to cages suspended from the ceiling and others led to nothingness.  On the floor and on the walls around there were rings set deeply in.  Some of them had scantily clad men and women attached to them, bound in such ways as to make movement difficult.  There was even a Felenzine tied to a set of rings.
	He let go of the void as he moved through the main floor.  Looking for a table in here with all the distractions was proving too hard to keep up the Overlooking.  He found what he was looking for in the far side of the building.  It was away from the bar but close enough to see the stage.  As he trekked the distance to the small table he drew shocked looks.  Whether they were from the way he was dress or the way he carried himself he couldn’t tell, but he did his best to avoid eye contact.
	He sat at the table and looked out on only what could be called the dance floor.  There was music being played, but it was nothing that he could listen to without surely going mad.  It had lots of wailing, fingernails on chalkboards and whips being snapped.  At least he thought that was in the music, it was hard to tell with so many whips and leather present here. The dancers on the floor thrashing about either didn’t care or loved it to the extreme.
	From the midst of the dancers a tall well-muscled amazon of a woman dressed in strips of leather that strategically covered her body stalked his way.  She had a man in tow on a leash, he kept his eyes downcast most of the time.  There was a look of pure hunger in her eyes, as she stopped in front of him she licked her lips eyeing him from head to toe.
	“Who let you off your leash?” she demanded in a commanding voice over the general din.
	Chane just gave her a level look.  “I am my own master.”
	Her left eyebrow arched up at his response.  “Ooohh, up for grabs are you?  What would I have to do to make you change you master I wonder?”  She fondled the whip coiled at her side.
	He wasn’t certain what response to give her but almost as if in response to his plight there was a ruckus from the dance floor.  The two big dog men were wading though the crowd like they were in a kiddy pool.  Their destination was a group of people that had broken down into a brawl.  The two rottweilers were on them in a heartbeat and had them separated shortly there after.  They had five men they carried by the necks towards the door.  One of the Caninzines had a man between his teeth like a mother cat would carry a kitten, but this carrying was not nearly so kind.
	The woman standing in front of him gave a loud sigh.  “Boy will be boys,” she said staring after the Caninzines’ retreating forms.  She looked back at him with a wicked smile, “Saved by the dog, for now.”  She walked towards the doors giving a sharp tug on the leash of her pet who scurried to keep up with her.  When she far enough away from Morgan she activated a small device under her skin along her jawbone.  “You were right, he is here.  What do you want done?”  There was a pause.  “Alright, I’ll see to it.”  She deactivated the device and stepped out the front door.
	Chane breathed a sigh of relief.  For some reason he had felt an unreasoning attraction to her.  He had noticed that she wore a very distinctive perfume that he couldn’t quite put his finger on.  It was probably heavy with pheromones, which would explain the attraction.  
	The lights dimmed and a spot lit up the stage.  In the center of that spotlight was a very pale man.  He was bald and wore an all leather bodysuit with buckled straps all over and a long black trench coat covering that.  Just his presence there quieted the crowd, it was though they were mesmerized just watching him.  He introduced the band on stage behind him as a curtain rose up towards the ceiling.  The people went wild.  The man seemed to float off the stage to the right.  Chane wasn’t certain if he a man acting like a vampire or a real one.  It was so hard to tell these days.
	The Lost Dogs had five members.  The laser harp was in the back where most bands would have a drummer, to his left was a keyboard player.  In front there were two guitars, and center off all this was the lead singer.  Most of them were men except the singer.  She looked fairly short compared to the other guys around her.  She had a slightly oriental look about her face but she was too dark in complexion to be Chinese or Japanese, and she had dark blue hair.
	That must be Jet, Chane thought.  There’s no way I can sit though till morning waiting to talk with her.  Maybe they’ll take a break somewhere in there.  Chane looked around the room at all the people.  Maybe I should’ve brought Chia along, at least she would have know who else I could talk with if Jet doesn’t have anything for me.
	“We’re going to play some grooves to be beaten and beat to.”  She had a voice like silk.  The band started up with music very close to what they had been playing over the speakers before, but when she starting singing it almost made it tolerable for Chane to listen to.  Maybe I can sit here ‘till morning.  No must take the first opportunity that comes.

JT:
	Chane briskly tapped his finger to the beat of the music when the band played a more melancholy tune. Jett’s voice hung over the crowd as the audience’s wailing and flagellation slowed to a more subtle kind of carnal masochism. Such a cruel display of affection, somehow, was tempered by the young woman’s voice. The dark urges deep inside Chane began to emerge, they were scratching under his skin begging him to release them. 
	Finding the void was Chane’s sanctuary. All the sounds of the Turquoise Shellfish disappeared. Only his breathing echoed in his ears. Chane’s strength of will pushed back the demons to the darkness of his soul. He heightened his other senses analyzing the club-goers, watching for anything to lead him to Hanson’s fetish chums.
 A heavy scent of pheromones in his nostrils halted his search. The horrible stench of dog breath soon accompanied the erotic scent that hit him like a fist. He pivoted in his chair to see the same leather clad dominatrix looming over him with the Caninzines flanking her. 
The amazon put her hands on her hips. “The owner of this establishment wishes to speak to you. Refusal is not an option.”
Chane rose from his seat as if he floated on air. One of the Caninzines quickly interposed himself between Chane and his master. A loud bark of warning only drew a scoff from Chane. Seeing the wounded pride in the dogman’s eyes the Caninzine’s large hand reached out to manhandle him. Feeling the electricity in the air, Chane formed the pattern for Energy. Gathering all the electricity around him, he grinned when he heard the patrons question why the lights were flickering. Chane hand shot out gripping the Caninzine’s forearm. The genetic mutant shook violently as his howls filled the room with his pain. Chane let go when he drew too many stares. The room silenced as the band stopped playing. The Lost Dogs wondered why their audience’s attention had shifted to a man standing next to a Caninzine licking its arm.
Chane wore a smug look on his face. “Careful, sometimes man bites dog,” He looked the dominatrix in the eye, “Refusal is always my option, but lead the way. I look forward to meeting the owner of this refined establishment.”               
	Chane’s escorts gave him a wide berth leading him to a private elevator. The dominatrix strong persona waned as she gestured to the elevator like a game-show hostess showing a prize. Chane entered alone and watched the doors close cutting off the renewed vigor of the ear-drum busting sounds played by the band. The elevator was eerily silent as it ascended. One floor later the doors slid open to reveal a dark, barren office. The right wall was a giant window that acted as a one-way mirror to the outside. The long angler office felt sterilized as Chane caught a whiff of ammonia off the floor. Walking to the desk at the end of the room, Chane laughed to himself to see the chair behind the desk turned away from him. He could see the bald head of his host poking from the back of the chair. He must love the flare of the dramatic. This guy has no idea who he’s dealing with.
	Chane sat down on a progressive style chair that suspended itself on one leg. Weaving his hands together he waited for his host to present himself. The moment Chane sat the man slowly spun around trying to act ominous. It was the same man Chane saw on the stage, but he was no vampire. Sweat made long streaks on his white make-up and Chane could see the harness that suspended him on stage under his leather suit. If he was a vampire I would’ve burned him in his seat. Vampires are one of the worst creations the Thruls ever made. 
	The man spoke in a low, seedy tone. “I am please you accepted my invitation. I have been waiting for you.”
	“And you are?”
	“Daniel Troubadour, owner of the Turquoise Shellfish and collector of rare antiquities. Who, may I ask, are you?”
	“Chane, and I am also interested in the old things. An acquaintance of mine recently past away that frequented your club. I was hoping to find some of his pals he did business with.”
	Daniel put his hands behind his head with an expression of mock remorse. “Poor Phil. Tragic to die in your own house. Do not get me wrong Mr. Chane, I do miss Phillip. We shared the same two loves. This club and the search for esoteric antiquity. I especially love books, the containers of knowledge thrill me so. Even more than watching my patrons whipping themselves for carnal bliss.”
	Daniel’s flippant attitude wore on Chane’s nerves. “I’ve had enough of this game. Get to the point and tell me what you want.”
	“Before Phil died he wanted me to find a rare codex. He said it was for a friend that needed it desperately. When he died, I figured you would come looking for it.”
	“How did you know it was me?”
	“The way you answered Christi’s question. She has worked the crowds the passed few nights looking for new arrivals. I do hope we can do business.”
	Chane narrowed his eyes. “What kind of business?”
	“Xiang Shu was a tough book to find. I want cash to cover my finders fee and use of your unique talents. Phil could translate the most difficult texts in my library; even languages that have been dead for thousands of years. I know your interest in the codex is not only scholarly. You are use it can’t you? Like a painter uses a brush, with it, you can make things happen.” 
Chane was surprised by the way Daniel changed his demeanor. Every syllable was sounded out in a cold, serious tone. As if he was speaking his last words. Maybe he does know who he’s dealing with.
	Daniel shifted in his chair and supported himself on his elbows as he cupped his chin. “I thought I found a replacement for Phil, I had seen her around this side of town. She would come in and talk with Phil for a few minutes at a time. Never staying long, just long enough to spark my interest. Every time I asked about her Phil would dodge the question and become distant. It was the only time he acted that way. I was sure she shared a common bond with him; with you. But she isn’t working out.” 
	“What happened with Jett?”
	Daniel flinched and then smirked. “I wondered if you knew. Phil told me you were a secretive lot. She is not as astute as her former collogue. I asked her three times to translate for me, but things always came up. I thought allowing her band to play my club would help, but I doubt it. So, you can see how anxious I was to meet you. You are my last hope.”
	“That codex is important to me, so I will accept your offer.”
	Daniel shot from his seat and had a smile of ear to ear. “Wonderful, meet me under the 49th Street bridge at noon tomorrow. Come alone with your bank’s routing number and I will give you the book.”
	“Agreed.”
	Daniel gait was fast and frantic as he pushed a button on the far wall. A large panel opened forming a make-shift bar. Pouring a dark liquid into two tall wine glasses he dashed to Chane handing him the drink.
	“To a new partnership, one that will be equally beneficial.”
	“Cheers, Mr. Troubadour.” 
	As the glass touched Chane’s lips the sound of gunfire erupted from the club outside. The two men rushed to the one-way mirror to find the club in a frenzy. Patrons ran from the main entrance as what looked like walking corpses entered the club sporting sub-machineguns. One of the corpses walked over to a bleeding Caninzine slumped against the entrance. He aimed his weapon at its head and vomited slugs into its face. Chane could see the other Caninzine torn in half strung out all over the dance floor. Six creatures of the walking dead lowered their weapons at the crowd. The patrons scrabbled on the floor looking for anything to give them cover. Patrons were under chairs and cowering behind overturned tables. One of the creatures gave some kind of hand symbol out the door to give the all clear.
	Chane wanted to retch looking at the dead perversions of man. Each one was in some state of decay. They had no eyelids with only tuffs of hair protruding from their heads. Their clothing seemed to stick to their gaunt skin and their lips had receded exposing black teeth and yellow gums. 
	A young man appeared in the doorway. He wore a long dark coat and ensconced a metallic object within it as he stepped in the middle of the decaying group. Chane noticed a strange gray hue to his skin and his mind raced. A true Praetorian in the flesh. I can’t believe one would be out in the open. The Praetorians were one of the few known Outsiders that acted as leaders of the chaotic creatures. Long debates between the Circle members centered on how Praetorians gained control over their follow beasts from whatever hell they came from.
	The Praetorian threw back his head letting his long black hair fall behind him as if removing a veil. Taking off his mirrored sunglasses he winked to the terrified crowd. His completely black eyes seemed devoid of anything human. “My name is Styx, and I will be your executioner this evening.” The mass of frightened club-goers made a collective gasp hearing his cold words. “But as long as I get what I want, I won’t have to do this.”
	Styx snapped his fingers and two cadavers leveled their guns on a crowded booth in the corner. Long mussel flashes blazed from their weapons which riddled the people making them look like bloody marionettes. Chane buried is nails into his palm. That bastard! I have to see what he wants! I can’t act yet!  
	Styx’s raspy voice made a grotesque chuckle. “Now my dear, are you coming with me, or do I have to kill all these fine people?”
	Jett leaned toward the microphone. Her heavy breathing caused feedback to whine throughout the room. “I will.”
	Chane’s guts turned to ice. What is she doing? She can’t allow herself to be taken, no matter what the cost. Does she want to go with them? Could this all be a staged? 
	Chane stepped away from the window. “If you want this partnership to last, I suggest you start running.”
	Daniel ran to the opposite wall and pressed another button revealing a small emergency staircase. “What are you going to do?”
	“My job.”
	Chane could hear Daniel’s footsteps reverberate down the staircase as he formed the pattern of Air. Collecting all the air in the room in forced it into a ball in palm of his hand. The ball of air launched from his hand smashing into the glass wall. Glass shards rained down on the crowd below, stopping Jett as she reached the edge of the stage. Chane jumped from the story high office and seemed to float down as he landed on the dance floor.
	Chane determined eyes locked one Styx. “Rousseau! Take one more step toward these bottom feeding scumbags and I will kill you.”
	Jett stood frozen as Styx smiled as if he had seen an old friend. “Mr. Chane, I am surprised to see you. To tell you the truth, I was hoping the Skinner didn’t kill you. I wanted the pleasure for myself.”
	Styx made a fist with his right hand and extended his index finger and thumb as if he was holding a gun. “Boys.”
	All six corpses unloaded their weapons at Chane. The hail of death would have ripped Chane to shreds but the bullets ricocheted in front of him. Using the pattern of Air he caused the air in front of him to become as dense as concrete. The rotting men kept up their assault watching their bullets zing cross the club. Bullets began to hit patrons in their hiding places. One screamed as she caught a bullet in the face, another collapsed when his legs burst out from under him. Styx laughed at the indiscriminate death.  
	Chane gritted his teeth watching the carnage he helped to create. “You bastards! Die!”
	Chane increased his power as he called forth a new pattern. It was dangerous but rage had blinded him to the risk. The pattern of Metal allowed him to feel the wiring within the club’s walls and the piping underneath the floor. He made the metal objects within the club implements of his vengeance.
	The wires ripped from the walls like angry tentacles and rapped around the dead gunmen. Some of the heavier cables from the ceiling rocketed down smashing through two of the corpse’s chests. Finer wiring acted as garrotes pulling the cadaver’s heads from their necks. It was as if the Turquoise Shellfish had come to life attacking the cancer within her.
	The hostage crowd bolted from their hiding places seeing their captors being torn apart. The patrons trampled over each other flooding out the side exits. The last undead gunman broke in-half as a large grouping of wires squeezed through his rotting body. Styx’s smile faded as the wire tentacles converged upon him. 
	With a sudden leap Styx dodged the wire mass. His body pirouetted at the height of his jump and landed behind Chane. A sharp, quick kick connected in the back of Chane’s head. Chane’s face crashed into his air wall hearing his teeth crack against the invisible surface. Releasing the patterns he invoked, he slumped to the floor.
	Chane felt himself rising off the floor on a cushion of air. The delicate touch of air helped him stand in his dazed state. What’s going on, I released the pattern? Why is it still invoked?
	Chane’s vision cleared to a delighted Styx. “I love using the pattern of Air for attack.”
	Styx cocked his fist back and made a straight punch three feet from Chane’s face. A gust impacted Chane’s jaw making him spit blood collecting in his mouth. Chane also choked on the blood forced down his throat.
	Styx coiled his arm and made another punch to the midsection. “You can never see them coming.”
	Chane head was pounding with a million thoughts running through his mind. Feeling another impact to his chest, he forced himself to focus on one thought. How can he been using patterns? It was said to be impossible. Another right cross brought him back to the grave reality. Suddenly, Chane was jerked into the air. Ten feet up he hit one of the cages suspended from the ceiling and came crashing into a table below.
	Chane could see Styx’s boots marching towards him. “I expected more from you Chane. This is the first time I have faced a magi and I am very disappointed. Where you really trying? You know that the problem is with Terrans? You’re too fragile. I few good shots and its all over.”
	Styx kneeled down next to Chane. He gripped a handful of Chane’s sandy brown hair and turned his head to face him. Styx seemed to pause a moment as he stared into Chane’s vanquished eyes. “I hope the rest of the Circle that decides to fight are tougher than you.”
	Chane spit one of his teeth at the young Praetorian’s feet. “Styx, some advice. Never gloat. It gives your opponent time to recuperate.”
	“What?”
	With a focused mind, Chane formed the pattern of Metal once again. A long water pipe burst from the floor and skewered Styx’s left leg. He howled in agony as another broken pipe ripped into his right arm. Four more pipes followed entering his back and chest.
	Styx’s eyelids drooped over his tenebrous eyes as dollops of dark red blood fell from his mouth. Chane’s legs shook violently trying to stand. He grinned to see his enemy looking like an abused voodoo doll. A shiny metallic glint under Styx’s coat caught his eye. Reaching within his coat Chane pulled out a flat electronic device with a long crack down its view screen. Chane pushed the device in the small of his back.  
	“It will take more than this to kill me. Our kind are not as weak as you,” Styx grasped.
	Chane extended his right hand, his palm open. “If had to pick my favorite pattern for killing, here’s mine.”
	An intense heat began to radiate around Styx. As it became hotter the heat waves obscured Styx’s body as they rippled off him. The iron pipes began to melt and Styx’s clothing caught fire, but his gray skin refused to burn. 
	Styx fought the pain to taunt his opponent. “You will have to…do better. You may have…to breech reality itself. What a glorious sight that…must…be.”
	Chane gritted his teeth watching his foe fall unconscious. He wants me to tear down reality to destroy him. Then it would be his victory, not mine.
	Chane’s tired arm fell to his side causing the heat to vanish. Walking away from Styx’s naked body his eyes scanned the club for any onlookers. Finding the horrific scene peaceful only gave him little solace. His hart sank looking at the murdered patrons caught in the crossfire. A loud grinding noise echoed above him. Chane looked up to see a large skylight had opened and a feminine form floating through it.
	Chane managed to find the strength to make the air lift him towards the skylight. Jett, you owe me answers.                                              
	         
	                 
	
	     
	    