Hello again everyone!  I hope you are all doing fantastic!

 

As usual, it’s been a busy week here at the Keller manor. 

 

Emily is winding down her second trimester of school.  That means that several projects are due.  She’s had a tough year this year with the sheer amount of projects that she’s been required to do.  I’ve tried to keep her on schedule by making sure she works on projects a little bit at a time every week.  But it’s still been difficult.  The most telling sign about how busy we are is that our Nintendo Wii hasn’t been touched in almost a month and a half!  That must be a record!

 

As for me, I’ve really stepped up my triathlon training once again.  That’s got me quite tired every day.  I had been taking Emily to the pool when I have to do swimming, but she’s been so busy that lately, I’ve just been going by myself.  I dislike running greatly, so as a result, I have to make sure to train in running extra hard.  The recent weather shifts have made it frustrating.  I don’t like running in the cold, but I end up running a lot better in the cold.  I went running today shortly after it rained thinking it would be slightly cool.  Well, I was completely wrong!  The sun came out full force raising the humidity to 1025% (for reals).  That was not a pleasant run at all.  I’m scheduled to do my first triathlon of the season in April.  Then I have another set for May and another one in June.  In addition, I’m running several 5K events as part of my training regimen.  I have my first one next week.  There is no way I’ll be getting any awards, but it’ll be good to run against others to help me increase my pace.  As it is right now, I usually run at a park near our house where all I have to run against is the ducks living there (and they’re not that fast). 

 

As for Bill, he was more than happy to be home.  Unfortunately he came home ill.  I already knew that he had ruptured his ear drum, but apparently he developed bronchitis as well.  We learned later that Blake also went home and had the flu and bronchitis.  Fortunately, Bill got his flu shot (thanks to me bugging him (BIG HINT HERE FOR NEXT YEAR BLAKE)).  But the bronchitis was not good.  He was put on one type of antibiotic which didn’t really do anything to help.  Yesterday, he was put on a different type.  He isn’t super sick, just feels rather worn down and has a persistent cough.  Hopefully this new antibiotic will do the trick.

 

Over the weekend, Emily participated in her first Mu Alpha Theta competition.  Mu Alpha Theta is a math competition.  She and her classmates traveled to a local high school to compete against other schools.  There are individual and group sections.  Emily said she enjoyed it, but unfortunately, none of the middle schoolers from her school received any awards.  Some of the high schoolers did.  There will be several more competitions throughout the year. 

 

Shortly after arriving home from the math competition, Emily and I packed up and headed off to Orlando.  We invited Bill, but the thought of spending another night in Orlando AT A CONFERENCE was repulsive to him, so he stayed at home.  The purpose of our trip was to attend a flute convention.  The Florida Flute Association puts on a convention every year and her flute teacher recommended attending.  Because of her math competition, we weren’t able to attend any of the events on Saturday, but we were able to make it in time to see the evening concert.  The first concert was put on by the Florida flute orchestra.  It may surprise many of you to know that there are NUMEROUS types of flutes.  Most people are aware that there are piccolos and they are a lot higher in pitch than the regular flute.  But there are also alto flutes, bass flutes, contrabass flutes and ultra-contrabass flutes.  They put all the players on different flutes and end up with a flute orchestra.  This was our first time hearing one and it was fantastic!  It was really cool to see all the different types of flutes.  I’ve attached a picture of a player holding her contrabass flute prior to the performance and a picture of Emily trying out one of the alto flutes. I also attached a generic picture of an LA flute orchestra to illustrate all the different flute sizes.

 

Following the flute orchestra, it was the main event.  The invited group was called the Project Trio with the flute player named Greg Patillo.  I had no idea who he was so I googled him the night before.  Much to my surprise and amazement, he’s a beatboxing flutist.  He has a bunch of YouTube clips showing his amazing abilities.  You can see one example here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crfrKqFp0Zg 

Well, he was 10 times as amazing on stage with his cohorts, a cello player and a bass player.  The pieces they played were amazing and their performance was superbly entertaining.  Everyone was so impressed.  Following the performance, Emily and I got their autographs and made plans to download their new album when it was released on ITunes on Tuesday (which we did).  I would enthusiastically recommend their album to anyone.  It’s got a nice laid back jazzy feel to it with amazing flute beatboxing solos.

 

On Sunday, Emily was able to attend a few of the events.  There was an open reading where any flutist could join an orchestra and just jam to some tunes.  They had the bass player from the Project trio joining them to add a bass groove.  Emily found it difficult to play along since she’s in 8th grade and most of the players were professionals.  But she gave it her best.  We spent a lot of time in the exhibition hall where Emily tried out various types of flutes.  The flute she has is a very beginner flute.  I told her that if she continues to take the flute seriously, then she should definitely get a more advanced flute.  After trying out various brands, she found one that she really liked.  Turns out it is the same brand that Greg Patillo plays on!  That sealed the deal for her.  We didn’t buy a flute, but I know the type she liked and will keep that purchase a definite maybe.  The conference ended with performances by various individuals and a whole conference playing of Bach’s Air in G.  I’d never been to a music conference like that before but I will definitely take her again if she continues to pursue playing the flute.  It was well worth it.

 

Well that about does it for me.  I hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

Hello again everyone.  Hope you had a fantastic several weeks.  I know I’ve been lax in getting out my emails.  Fortunately or unfortunately, I’ve been so busy with life that I haven’t really had a good time until now to finally sit down and write.  So there is a lot to catch up on!

 

It was a horrible, chilly, LOOOONG several weeks for us here in Florida.  In my last email I mentioned that it had gotten cold and the concerns that were happening.  Well it was just as bad as and possibly worse than predicted. 

 

Ever since New Years, the temperature had been TREMENDOUSLY lower than normal.  Our normal highs are in the 60s and 70s.  But the first few weeks in January, we had highs in the 40s and 50s.  Many of you may have seen video or pictures of snow in various parts of Florida.  We didn’t get any here but it definitely got below freezing here at night for several nights in a row.  As a result, sea turtles were washing up in the hundreds due to the cold.  Manatees also needed rescuing from the cold.  And iguanas, which go into a state of suspended animation when they get too cold, were falling out of the trees in droves.   And for all of us human Floridian inhabitants, it wasn’t very pleasant either.  Granted, the temperature wasn’t nearly as cold as some of you more northern inhabitants deal with, but the problem is that Florida homes aren’t built for the cold and Floridians don’t exactly have a large “cold weather” wardrobe.  In fact, when I buy Emily’s uniform clothes for school, I order 5 pairs of shorts, but only 2 pants.  And she has NO long sleeve shirts, just a fleece jacket. 

 

The crop farmers spent days and days watering their crops so that they would get covered with ice.  That insulates the crops from getting colder than 32 degrees.  Unfortunately, they watered SO much, that sinkholes started appearing in numerous areas (for more information on sinkholes go here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sinkhole ).  The water table was lowered so much that sinkholes have been causing havoc and many residents who use well water had their wells run dry.  Needless to say, it’s been an adventure.

 

Bill left for Orlando last Tuesday and it turns out he left in the nick of time.  That afternoon, the major interstate between Tampa and Orlando was shut down to just one lane due to a suspected sinkhole.  Fortunately, it wasn’t an official sinkhole but rather an area of soil softening.  Unfortunately, when Emily and I needed to make our trek to Orlando, the road still hadn’t been fixed which resulted in a normally 1 ½ hour trip taking almost 4 hours. 

 

Anyhow, Bill left on Tuesday and Emily had a band concert on Wednesday.  It went well and the flute section sounded great.  On Wednesday, they also announced the winners of the science fair.  Emily didn’t win the competition but she did get awarded an honorable mention ribbon which was purple and quite large.  It is quite an achievement given the fact that there were approximately 120 projects.    

 

Thankfully, the cold weather abated by Thursday.  That gave us good weather on Friday to head to Orlando for the conference.  I picked up Emily after school and also picked up her best friend Jade.  Like I mentioned, the drive to Orlando stunk due to the traffic.  Once we arrived we were super tired and had no choice but to eat in the hotel.  Although the main hotel where the conference is is quite impressive, I absolutely hate eating there.  The restaurants are ridiculously overpriced and the food isn’t even that good.  I took the two girls and myself to the buffet restaurant for dinner where I had bland pasta and not very good veal.   After dinner, we went back to the room where the girls had to do their homework.  We saw Bill briefly but he was very busy and already sleep deprived and didn’t have much time to talk.  So basically, it was like every other conference.

 

On Saturday morning, I got up early to attend some actual veterinary meetings (like all the other veterinarians do).  There was a session on aquatic medicine that I was interested in.  I left some breakfast items in the room for Emily and Jade so that they could eat once they woke up.  They texted me midmorning to let me know they were up and were going to wander around the hotel.  Once the morning sessions were over, I met up with them and we started looking for fleas.

 

Now I realize how strange that must sound.  But let me explain.  When checking in for the conference, all attendees get a bag filled with a lot of advertisements, the schedule, etc.  Once of the advertisements was from Novartis, a veterinary drug company that makes Sentinel (a flea medication).  Novartis had placed flea stickers all over the conference area.  Most of the fleas had hidden words that could only be read with a “secret decoder ring” that was enclosed in the conference bag.  The deal was that you had to find about 15 words, fill out the form and then be one of the first 500 to turn the form in to the Novartis booth in order to win a starbucks gift card.  So we decided to take Novartis up on their challenge.  We wandered around and found the flea stickers all over the place.  On walls, windows, trash cans, water fountains, the walls of the escalators etc.  At one point, I was eating ice cream while walking around and ended up dropping the ice cream on the floor.  I cleaned it up but then needed to wash my hands.  When I walked in the bathroom, I discovered that even the bathroom was infested with flea stickers!  It took awhile, but we eventually found all the words.  It was funny seeing how many other people were doing the same thing.  At least I had the excuse of having 2 13 year old girls doing the looking.  I saw plenty of grown up doctors examining flea stickers on the floor with their secret decoder ring.  It was a fun thing.

 

In the afternoon, the girls decided they’d go swimming.  I took the opportunity to go to the gym.  I’ve been stepping up my triathlon training finally.  I didn’t want the conference to get in the way of that.  The rest of the afternoon was spent with the girls finishing up some last minute homework that they had and then an early dinner.  That evening, Hills (a pet food company) had a show they put on with Martin Short.  Thanks to Bill, we were able to enter the auditorium prior to the rest of the folks so we were able to get good seats up front without fighting the crowds.  I didn’t really know what to expect from him, but I left feeling mostly disappointed.  His act seemed very dated.  The whole point of the show was him showing a clip from some movie he was in, and then he’d come out as the character.  So for example, he showed a clip of himself in and 
SNL skit as the fat interview character and then he’d come out and interview the president of Hills as that character.  There were some mildly funny moments, but overall I was not impressed.  I think the best comedian I’ve seen at the conference was probably Sinbad.  He was awesome. 

 

On Sunday, the exhibition hall finally opened.  The exhibition hall is where all of the veterinary companies put up their booths to display all their products.  Emily and I really enjoy going through there because of all the free loot we end up getting.  This was Jade’s first time seeing the exhibition hall.  The first thing we did was head over to the Novartis booth to turn in our flea word form.  We were rewarded with a Starbucks gift card.  Then we spent the next several hours going from booth to booth.  Surprisingly, most companies thought that Emily and Jade were veterinary technicians.  I don’t think either one of them looks old enough but it happened again and again.  They scooped up all the free candy and pens and I learned a few cool things from a few places.  Some of the companies had quite elaborate set ups which allowed us to play computer games for prizes.  By lunchtime, we had to head to our room to drop off our bags because they were getting too heavy.  After a quick lunch, it was back to the hall to finish visiting everyone.  In the end, we all ended up with TONS of free stuff and the girls had their own bags of stuff.  I even ended up with a free pair of Crocs which made me super happy.

 

On Monday we had to head back to St. Pete.  Thankfully, there were no highway delays so we ended up making good time.  I think Jade had a good time but it’s hard to tell with her sometimes since she doesn’t show a whole lot of emotion in any direction.  Emily says she had a good time.  The rest of the day was spent unpacking and unwinding.  Unfortunately for Emily, she also decided to spike a 104.3 fever!  So that meant that she ended up missing school on Tuesday.  Fortunately, it appeared that it was just a 24 hour bug and she was fine by Tuesday evening. 

 

The rest of the week was spent making sure Emily completed all her packs for her Girl Scout encampment that she was helping run.  As I explained in my last email, she had to prepare about 120 packs of “edible fire” materials for the brownies that would be camping.  It was tough but she managed to finally finish on Thursday evening.  Then on Friday directly after school, I took her and her stuff to the camp.  She spent all weekend there.  Apparently everything went well and she should have almost all the requirements completed now to receive her Girl Scout silver award.

 

Over the weekend, I helped out with manatee necropsies.  There have been a ridiculous number of dead manatees reported in the state, most likely due to the cold spell.  I used to work for the Florida Fish and Wildlife doing manatee necropsies and the staff has been greatly overworked this week. They asked if I could help out. So on Saturday, I went up there and dug into several manatees.  It was weird to be back doing that work.  I think what was most disturbing to me was the fact that if the manatees smelled bad (which I’m pretty sure they did) I really didn’t notice all that much.  When I worked there I saw, several times, visitors leave the room to throw up because of the smell.  Most of the manatees that I worked on were pretty decomposed already.  I think I’ve built up a ridiculous tolerance to the smell of dead animals.  It was good to help out again but I certainly don’t miss the job.  It gets tiring smelling like dead manatees all the time.  It was also obvious that I’ve lost some of my “manatee muscles”.  It is hard work to cut through those animals and by the end of the day, I was pretty tired!

 

Although the conference ended on Wednesday, Bill stayed in Orlando until Friday closing everything down and attending meetings.  Then he went off to Orlando with his friends to do some scuba diving.  Unfortunately, he managed to rupture his eardrum while diving.  And sad to say it, but it’s about time.  You see, he manages to rupture his eardrum about once a year it seems.  I guess he was about due.  So he’s had to sit out the rest of the dives which sucks for him.  Bill will be dropping his friends off in Orlando tomorrow and then finally returning home.  It will be good to have him back for many reasons, not the least of which is that I can finally stop having to deal with grocery shopping and cooking.  It’s also been weird being without him with only Foofer.  Anytime he’s ever left for an extended period of time, I’ve always had Nina around.  Now, Nina was the sweetest soul ever and I know she wouldn’t have done much to protect me in the case of an intrusion, but she was a Pit Bull and that was often intimidating enough for some.  Nina continues to be dearly missed.

 

Well that’s about it for me.  A busy few weeks but I’m hoping once Bill’s back, things will settle down to a more normal routine.  I hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  Happy 2010!  I hope you all had a great New Years.  Sadly, the holidays are over and it’s back to the grind once again.

 

Our New Years was quite good.  The weather here was great.  Our city of St. Petersburg has a “First Night” New Years Eve celebration every year.  You purchase an admission pin and then you are free to wander around downtown and see numerous exhibits, shows, interactive events etc.  We went several years ago and saw many cool things.  This year, however, we decided we would take our dog Foofer.  Although Foofer walks well on a leash, it’s been shown that if you give a dog a job (a purpose) they often do much better.  So for that reason, I purchased a doggy backpack for her and loaded her up with a water bottle (for herself) and drinks for us.  Although that would limit us to outdoor events only, we felt it would be worthwhile.  As I’ve mentioned before, Foofer is super sweet and loves other people.  She even likes other dogs as long as she’s not on a leash.  But when she’s on a leash, she seems to get very protective and often lunges towards other dogs.  Nonetheless, I was determined to get her out there.  I was hoping that the large amount of people and other dogs would overwhelm her to where she realized she couldn’t go lunging towards every dog she saw. 

 

Anyhow, our first hurdle was getting her to go down stairs.  We parked in a nearby parking garage and had to walk down a few flights of stairs.  I don’t know if it was the backpack that made her feel awkward or what, but it took a bit of coaxing before she actually walked down the stairs.  Once we were down, she did really well.  She was happy and excited and people everywhere seemed thrilled to see her.  Kids were stopping to pet her and others just mentioned how cute the dog was (it’s true!).

 

One of our first stops was a performance of a local ballet troop performing scenes from the Nutcracker.  I’m a big Tchaikovsky fan so I was glad to see this.  Since we had to just stay in one place, Foofer got a chance to calm down a bit.  I realized that some people were reticent to pet her without asking permission because they thought she might be a service dog.  I guess the doggy backpack gave off that impression.  Once we told people it was just a way for us not to have to carry so much, they thought that was quite funny. 

 

Shortly after the ballet performance, we went over to a drum circle.  
It’s basically a large circle of chairs set up with drums.  Everyone sits down and gets a drum and the leader of the drum circle leads the drumming.  You can drum however you want and the leaders chant an African type song.  It was really cool and fun drumming along with that many people.  It was a little ironic since just that week, I had read how one lady in the Northeast had recently been diagnosed with gastrointestinal Anthrax which appears to have been obtained after she took part in a drum circle.  I guess the Anthrax spores were on the hide used to make the drum and were aerosolized while drumming.  So I’ll be on the lookout for any symptoms of Anthrax between us. 

 

During the drumming, Foofer spotted a few dogs and did her characteristic lunging and raising her hackle hackle.  We pulled her back, sat her down, and she did fine the rest of the time.  By the end of the drumming, my hands were numb.  Bill said he kept hitting the thumb of one hand with his other hand.  Apparently he wasn’t kidding around since the following day, he was quite bruised on account of that.

 

After the drum circle, we walked around a bit more and then ended up finding a nice spot on the beach of Tampa Bay and prepared to watch the fireworks.  Once the fireworks started, Foofer freaked out a bit.  She was shivering and kept hiding her head under my arm.  But as I’ve learned, you shouldn’t console a dog when they’re scared like that, as you would a human.  It only reinforces that their behavior is good.  So I reinforced her behavior when she WASN’T freaking out and she eventually calmed down a bit.  Even though she managed to get slightly calmer by the end, I know she was glad once it was all over.  After the display, we walked back to the car and headed home.  Most people’s parties were only getting started, but we were all tired by then.  All in all, Foofer did an excellent job.  We will be doing more geocaching this year and plan to have Foofer come along whenever possible.

 

On New Years Day, I did the traditional thing and watched the Tournament of Roses parade.  It was a stark reminder of how different things were a year ago.  A year ago, we spent New Years Eve searching in the dark for our lost cat.  We then made it as early a night as possible so we could see the Rose Parade in person.  Attending the parade in person was awesome and I’m glad we did it.  But we had to go there in a rented vehicle because Bill had just wrecked his car.  It was a dark time for us and those things were the catalysts for us moving back to Florida.  Things are definitely better this year and hopefully 2010 will be even better.

 

As for Emily, it was back to school today.  She set up her science fair display so she’s good to go.  I’ve attached a picture of her with her display.  I will be going on Thursday to look at all the displays.  I looked only briefly today and was a bit surprised at the number of entries that clearly didn’t meet all the requirements.  I guess some kids don’t read all the rules.  Heck, Emily didn’t read all the rules either but she has an obnoxious mother that made her make sure she was following all the rules.  It’s not for a grade but rather for extra credit.  I expect she should get a good number of extra points.  She’s not excited about going back to school but that’s not surprising.  If she was excited, I might get scared and wonder what the heck happened to my daughter. 

 

As for poor Bill, it is down to the wire.  He will be leaving us next Tuesday for 2 weeks.  But unlike last year, Emily and I will be able to spend some time with him over the weekend.  In fact, Emily will be bringing her best friend Jade along as well.  They both really like one of the hotels where the conference is held.  I’m not sure what we’ll do while we’re there.  Most people consider Orlando a vacation mecca.  But when you go there every year and live only about 90 minutes away, it just becomes another town.  Orlando has a lot to do, but we’ve already done most of it already.  Nonetheless, we try to find something new each time.  The conference usually has a comedy show on the first night.  This year it is scheduled to be Martin Short.  Hopefully it’ll be funny.  We’ve seen Sinbad, and Jeff Foxworthy at the conference (and got pictures with them backstage) and they were hilarious.  We’ve also seen some other guys who weren’t quite so hot.  Of course Bill is usually huddled inside the computer area working till the wee hours of the morning so it’s always just Emily and me who get to enjoy the show.  Poor guy.

 

While many of you are shivering and cold, it might make you feel better to know that we are doing the very same here in Florida.  A bad cold front has moved in several days ago and isn’t supposed to leave until after the weekend.  We are averaging roughly 20 degrees colder than normal.  We have freeze warnings all over the place and citrus and strawberry crops are at severe risk.  In addition, Florida has the majority of the tropical fish market in the country.  All the fish are at risk of death due to the cold sustained temperatures.  Some growers are looking at losing millions of dollars worth of fish.  Just today, the governor called a state of emergency in Florida.  Mainly so that all these growers will have access to state funds to help cope with the losses.  Although we occasionally get weather this cold, it is highly unusual for it to last this long.  I have recently gotten more serious about my triathlon training and it’s been putting a major damper in my desire to go running.  I still go, mind you, I just am grumpy about doing it in the cold. 

 

And an update on Chaplin.  He is much improved over last week.  He’s eating and drinking like normal and has become his normal obnoxious self.  The blood work that I ran was pristine despite the fact that he’s almost 17 years old.  His “meow-er” is still broken meaning he still has a bit of a voice change, but I can live with that.  So can he, apparently. 

 

Well that about does it for me.  I hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope you all had a great Christmas!

 

We had a good week here at home.  Emily worked on some of her school stuff early in the week, but I gave her the holidays off to just goof off (which she does remarkably well).  As usual, our Christmas was low key since it’s just the three of us, but we are used to that.  It was good though and we all ended up with some pretty nifty gifts.  The rest of Christmas day was, of course, spent lounging around and playing around with the various gift items.  Bill made a delicious ham dinner which was enjoyed by all. 

 

On the following day, I had scheduled to work at a local small animal hospital.  While I was at work, our 16 year old cat Chaplin had a major neurological issue.  Needless to say, it freaked Bill out.  When I got home, Chaplin had (by choice) gone into his cat carrier which Bill put out for him.  Bill said he was extremely unstable on his feet, was freaking out, and seemed confused, which is why Bill thought confinement in a carrier might help.  Apparently Chaplin agreed.  When I looked at him, he was exhibiting vestibular signs (meaning he was very very dizzy).  It’s analogous to when you spin in circles in the middle of the room and then stop and you see the world spinning around you.  That’s how he was feeling the whole time.  So when not confined, he would start spinning.  He also had some left sided facial nerve paralysis.  When I tried to feed him, he seemed very hungry but only moments after eating, he vomited everything back up.  He was clearly super nauseous.  We left him confined and I even covered his carrier so that he was in the dark and couldn’t see the world spinning as much.  I quickly made a list in my head of potential causes and potential treatments for those causes.  I wrote up a few prescriptions and Bill was nice enough to go to the pharmacy at 11pm at night to fill them. 

 

The following day, he was only slightly better.  We kept him in his carrier and confined in the pantry.  We placed a litter box next to him and I fed him food with added water.  I didn’t think he was drinking much and didn’t want him to get dehydrated.  The drug I gave him for his dizziness/nausea must have worked since he could now eat without puking.  By choice, he continued to spend most of his time in his carrier.  The other weird thing about him is that his voice had changed significantly.  I assume that it is due to partial laryngeal paralysis on his left side.  Any time we were sitting on the couch, we’d take him out of his carrier and just snuggle him on our lap.  He’s not a snuggly cat but he didn’t mind being held now that he felt like he was going to fall off the face of the earth. 

 

Fortunately by Monday, he had improved significantly.  When I got up in the morning, he walked out of the pantry and asked for food.  He was still a little unstable on his feet but wasn’t spinning any longer.  He even chose to resume his position back on the back of the couch.    He continues to improve little by little each day.  He still has a droopy left side of his face, so he often walks out of the pantry after eating his food, with drool hanging off his left side.  But that’s nothing a paper towel can’t wipe away.  He also still has a weird sounding voice.  Only time will tell if that will change back or not.  I had some blood drawn and sent off to the lab.  I should have results back later this week.  Anyhow, it seems the immediate concern is over.  Whatever may have happened was either treated, or, if it was something like a stroke, can’t be treated but at least he’s improving.  We’ve already had to put one beloved animal down this year.  None of us really feel like going through that again so soon.  What’s kind of weird is that this happened on December 26.  On December 26 of last year, we realized our beloved cat Valentino was missing.  Boxing Day has some bad aura for our cats apparently.

 

Once the excitement of Christmas subsided, it was back to work for Emily.  She’s been working on completing her Science Fair project board.  It’s been a lot of work (and Emily hasn’t been shy about mentioning how she hates that she has to do this), but the end result looks like it’ll be good.  She gets extra credit in science for doing this, so hopefully it’ll be well worth it.  I’ll try to remember to post a picture of her next to her project next week once it’s all done.

 

As for Bill, it’s craziness like it is every year at this time.  The conference is now only a few weeks away and everything needs to come together.  He’s been working like crazy to try and get everything done that needs to get done.  Last night (if you can call it that) he went to bed at 6 am.  Unfortunately, this is par for the course.  It won’t really get much better until after the conference is over.  

 

Another big project that Emily has been working on over the break is a project for her Girl Scouts.  As part of finally getting her Silver award, she has to help put on an encampment for a Brownie troop.  As a result, she’s been involved in several planning meetings organizing what events will occur during the encampment.  She’s been put in charge of prepping some “edible fire” packets for the Brownies.  The edible fire consists of a lot of goodies (sweet and salty) that you arrange in a way that it ends up looking like a campfire.  Emily needed to prepare 100 packets.  As a result, we had to purchase large amounts of marshmallows, candy corn, M&Ms, gummy bears, pretzel sticks, coconut etc.  Since the candy is meant to represent fire, she had to separate out the red gummy bears and red M&Ms from the rest of the candy.  Fortunately, I bought cheap Christmas M&Ms so that she only has to separate out the red from the green.  As a side effect however, we were left with large amount of discarded multicolor gummy bears and green M&Ms.  As a family, we have chosen to deal with the large amounts of extra candy in the only way we know how (YUM!).  Needless to say, it won’t last long.

 

Well that’s about it for this week.  I hope you all have a great New Year! And as usual, I’ll be in touch soon enough!

Hello again everyone!  Welcome to the first day of winter (or summer for you on the southern hemisphere). 

 

As usual, it’s been busy here at home.  As you know, we’ve been trying to get Emily scuba certified for some time now.  We tried last summer in California, but the water was too cold for her.  Bill was thinking about taking a diving trip after the conference next month, so he decided he would try and finally get Emily scuba certified.  He contacted a local dive shop and found out that they were in the middle of a class.  Since Emily had already completed all her book work, they allowed her to skip that part (provided she could document that she did the book learning) and just join the class for the actual dive part.  Blake graciously provided the needed documentation and Emily joined the class.  She got geared up and was ready to go.  Unfortunately, I had already planned to work that weekend and was unable to accompany her and Bill to the springs to watch her do her dives.  I was concerned about the cold.  During those days, it was quite cool here and the water temperature at the springs stays about 73 degrees year round.  I had Emily pack up plenty of warm clothing (for when she got out of the water) and a thermos.  Unfortunately, things did not go well.

 

The spring they had planned to use was a privately owned spring that had only recently been taken over by the state.  Apparently within the week, the state had decided they were not going to allow divers to use their site any longer.  So when they all showed up early Saturday morning, they were surprised to learn they had nowhere to dive.  Fortunately, the dive master knew of another local spring.  Once they arrived there however, the location informed them that there was not enough space for them since they had not signed up.  As a last resort, the dive master planned to use a local pool.  I was relieved to hear this since I’d hoped that the pool would be warmer.  The pool DID have a heater (which works by running water over the roof which is then warmed by the sun).  Unfortunately, it had been very cloudy and rainy over the last week and the water temperature in the pool was 62 degrees!  Poor Emily dutifully did her swim test (which had to be done without a wetsuit) and then geared up with her wetsuit to practice the skills.  However, as she progressed, she got colder and colder.  She finally could no longer continue due to the cold.  Bill said the dive master was very apologetic about the whole thing.  He has kept records of everything and basically, Emily just needs to do the checkout dives at a later date.  Yet ANOTHER time where Emily gets SO close to getting scuba certified and something happens!

 

The only good thing about her NOT being able to do her dives was that Emily got to take part in a pre-planned Girl Scout event that she would otherwise have had to miss.  She got to take fencing lessons.  They spent the first half of the afternoon learning the basic skills and then the rest of the time actually competing against one another.  I am happy to report that Emily was undefeated and actually enjoyed the fencing. 

 

This week was the last week of school for the year for Emily.  She had tests in most of her classes so she was quite busy.  The last day of school was a half day and they watched Dances with Wolves.  Emily said she didn’t like the movie at all.  Coincidentally, we went to see Avatar yesterday.  Avatar is the new movie made by James Cameron (director of Titanic).  It has received a lot of hype and it is all well-deserved.  It was a very well done movie.  But when you pare it down, it really has a similar plot to Dances with Wolves.  It just has WAY better fight scenes and WAY better special effects.  For those of you who are debating whether you should go and see it, you absolutely should.  It’s in 3D which makes it even better.

 

This week starts Emily’s first week of Christmas break.  Much to her disgust, she still has some stuff she needs to do for school during the break.  She has to construct her science fair project, work on her plant project, and finish up an English project.  Plus, she still has flute lessons over the break.  As I explained to her though, she only really needs to dedicate a few hours each day and she’ll be done with everything in no time.  That’s clearly NOT how she sees it however. 

 

As for us, we are prepping for Christmas.  We finally got the tree decorated last weekend and presents keep appearing under the tree.  The weather has gotten cooler although it’s been very weird.  Some days are downright hot, whereas then we’ll get a cool front and it’ll cool things down.  Lows tonight should be in the low 40s tonight (which is really cold in my opinion).  It supposed to warm up though, so by Christmas Eve, we should be back in the mid 70s during the day.  That’s more like it!

 

Yesterday Emily and I went to a local outlet mall.  We don’t normally go to malls and we don’t normally like shopping, but this trip was for a purpose.  It turns out that a Crocs store just opened up.  I LOVE crocs and wish I had 10 million pairs.  They look ridiculous but they are so so comfortable.  Emily had a pair that was getting too small so we went down there to get her a new pair.  Turns out they were having a buy one get one free sale.  Needless to say, we were in the store for QUITE sometime.  And if the outlet mall is any indication of the current state of the economy, then I think things are looking up.  The mall was PACKED, parking spaces were non-existent, and all the people walking around had numerous shopping bags. 

 

As for Bill, he continues to prep for his conference in January.  Things were going well until tragedy struck his coworkers this month.  Just before Thanksgiving, one of the employees had his one year old son die suddenly.  Needless to say, it was hard on both of them, especially his wife who had been a stay at home mom.  In order to get through things, she went down to Miami to be with her family.  Upon arriving, she was involved in a serious car accident and the employee understandably went down to Miami to be with his wife.  Meanwhile, another employee ended up hospitalized with a bad abscess.  Turns out he had developed diabetes leading to the abscess.  It was very deep and required surgery and the diabetes was difficult to get under control.  Once that was under control, he began having trouble seeing (a side effect of the insulin and the diabetes).  He is recovering but needless to say, that has put a definite damper on everyone’s ability to get things done.  We shall see what happens next month.  The conference MUST go on one way or another. 

 

Well that’s about it for me.  I hope you all enjoy your holidays and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope you all had a great week!

 

It was another busy week here at the Keller manor.  Emily turned in her history paper and the rest of the students turned in their respective projects.  We went and viewed some of the displays on Thursday.  It was interesting seeing all the different topics that were covered.  This year’s theme is ‘Innovation’.  We saw displays going over the cotton gin, national parks, war tanks, McDonalds, E=MC2 etc.  Some displays were quite good; while it was clear others were slapped together at the last minute.  There was one display in particular that FAR outshone all the other displays.  And while it was well done and seemed to have been deeply researched, it also seemed to smell quite strongly of “Parent Made-ness”.  The display was solid wood with words etched out, backlit etc.  I wouldn’t be surprised if that student wins the display event, but I won’t be happy about it.  I think parents should definitely ASSIST their kids and help as much as they can (as I did with making Emily rewrite and rewrite her paper).  But I don’t think they should be MAKING the displays for them.  I could be off-base and perhaps the student did all the work themselves, but I’d be really surprised.

 

On Thursday, I went and assisted with some manatee captures.  The US Geological Service has a Sirenia project which is charged with researching the health status of manatees in warm water refuges.  The purpose is because there are several artificial warm water sites (such as nuclear power plants) that are used by manatees in the winter.  These sites are scheduled to be shut down in the long term future and researching what effect this will have on the manatee population is the goal.  I have participated in many manatee captures in the past when I worked for UF (University of Florida) and for the state.  But now, I work for Hubbs which doesn’t really have anything to do with manatees.  So I attended as a volunteer only and only planned to help out where needed in whatever fashion necessary.  Thursday was a fantastic day weather wise.  There were a LOT of people at the captures (as you can see from the photos).  When a manatee is captured, it is brought to a beach where a variety of measurements and sampling takes place.  The animals are measured, weighed, biological samples taken (blood, feces, urine, tears, nasal swabs), ultrasound is performed, genetic samples are collected etc.  The animal is also PIT tagged (similar to the microchips placed in pets).  The purpose of the chip is so that if the animal is found dead or recaptured at a later date, we can track where we first found the animal and when. 

 

There were a lot of new people at the captures that were all excited and anxious to work with the manatees.  So when the first manatee came on the beach, the animal was surrounded almost immediately.  I stood back to just help wherever needed and to let the new people get a chance to do stuff.  However, my laziness was short lived as I was immediately asked by the vet in charge to take the blood sample.  So I did so while tons of people took pictures and asked questions.  It’s kind of like being hounded by the paparazzi.  Soon after, more manatees kept arriving and we were juggling working up two animals at the same time.  Needless to say, I was kept quite busy.  There were a lot of veterinarians present that had no experience with manatees.  So I trained several of them on how to bleed a manatee.  One of the people I trained was just no good and I had to finally step in and do it myself.  But for the most part, everyone did well.  All in all, we captured 6 manatees on Thursday.  On Thursday night, bad weather rolled in and Friday morning was WAY colder.  And shortly after arriving at the beach, it started to rain and never really stopped.  So we had to make sure that all our high tech monitoring equipment was kept dry.  Fortunately, I’ve been to many many manatee captures and know how to pack for all circumstances.  I had my rain gear and managed to keep dry except for my hands.  Obviously, I had to use my hands to work with the manatees and they became pruned and very cold.  And once your hands are pruned and cold, you can’t get them dry even with dry towels and your ability to handle small items becomes very challenging.  By the end, I could barely open up scalpel blade packages or put on needles on the syringes.  I felt bad for the people who WEREN’T as prepared as me and were soaked at the end of the day.  In the end, we caught another 5 manatees on day 2.  Despite being super cold and miserable on the second day, I still had a great time.  It had been a long time since I’d seen many of those folks and it was great to catch up with them.  Plus, it was good to deal with manatees again after so long.  It was glad to know that my former coworkers still had enough faith in me not only to put me back to work, but to also train other veterinarians.  There are more captures scheduled in February.  I told Bill he should go to those to see how everything works.  He can be on the ‘brawn’ team which needs to move the manatees around.  I am happy to remain on the ‘brain’ team.  You can see some pictures from day one here http://picasaweb.google.com/martha.keller/  I was too miserable to take any pictures on the cold rainy day.

 

On Thursday afternoon, after the first day of captures, I had to rush home so that I could go to several parent meetings at Emily’s school.  The first meeting was about a summer trip that they want middle school students and families to attend if possible.  It is to Costa Rica and they outlined the itinerary etc.  It sounds fantastic but I don’t feel OK sending Emily THAT far without me even though there will be chaperones.  But for all of us to go would be quite expensive.  We shall see what the future holds.  The second meeting was for 8th grade parents to learn about the 9th grade curriculum.   At this point, Emily went to a dance that was being held concurrently in the middle school section.  Like I said, she wasn’t too keen on going, but was happy to hear that her best friend was also going.  The parent meeting started with a dinner and introductions and then we attending pseudo-classes with lectures for about 20 minutes in 3 different classes.  It was at this point that I realized I had really dirty nails since I didn’t have a lot of time to clean up from the captures.  Unfortunately, this is not the first time I’ve ended up at Emily’s school shortly after some wildlife endeavor looking horrendous.  Too bad I don’t have a respectable job!  Anyhow, her future history teacher is definitely interesting.  He’s the kind of teacher you’ll either love or hate.  I’m not sure which.  But her geometry teacher is AWESOME.  I know Emily will love that class.  After the meeting, we went back over to the middle division to find Emily.  Now, I know that music is supposed to be loud at dances, but it was freakin’ ridiculously loud.  Emily and her friend both hate loud music so they took their pizza and ate in the restroom to escape the noise.  They were both super happy to see their parents and escape the noise.  I can’t say that I blame her.  It was a little TOO loud for comfort.  Needless to say, Emily did NOT enjoy herself.

 

On Saturday, Emily was supposed to be part of a holiday parade in the morning.  I received word on Friday night that the parade was going to go on rain or shine.  When I got up in the morning, it was cold and rainy.  Having just spent the previous day cold and wet, I was not anxious to repeat that experience.  So although I felt bad about it, we decided to skip the parade.  Fortunately, the troop leader did state that she understood if people decided not to go.  I can only take so much misery in one week.  Later that day, Emily had a concert at her school.  The concert was for all the various dance troupes, music groups and acting groups to showcase their talents.  Emily is in the Concert Band and had to play a few songs.  Emily enjoys playing but says that her band sucks because a lot of the kids don’t care about playing well.  So I only paid attention to the flute section and they played great!  It was also announced that the school spring musical will be West Side Story.  That’s quite ambitious and I am anxious to see how that turns out.  Her school has a history of putting on fantastic shows. 

 

On Sunday, Emily had a Girl Scout meeting and got all her stuff in preparation for the new year of cookie sales.  There is a new cookie flavor this year with cranberries.  That doesn’t sound particularly appealing to me but who knows, I might like it.  The sales don’t start until January, but they always get their packs a little early so that they are ready to hit the pavement on day one.  Emily isn’t too thrilled with the prizes available this year.  Also on Sunday, we went out and bought our Christmas tree.  Once we got it home however, I was too tired to set it up.  So it’s been sitting in water in our house undecorated.  I had hoped to get to it this evening, but I have been under the weather today and don’t really feel like doing it.  Hopefully, we’ll get it set up sometime this week. 

 

Well that’s about it for me.  I hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch! 

Hello again everyone!  I hope you all had a great Thanksgiving.  That is, except for you Brazilians who are now probably getting pretty darn hot as your summer is in full swing!
 
As usual, it was another busy week here in Florida.  Emily spent a large portion of her Thanksgiving break writing and rewriting her history fair paper.  This is the first major paper she’s ever had to write and so the editing process was something she was not that familiar with.  Needless to say, we bumped heads a lot through this process.  She took a lot of my suggestions as a personal attack and often didn’t understand my critiques.  But we persevered and over time, her paper developed into a much better product.  I worked very hard to NOT write her paper but rather, give her recommendations as to how her paper can be improved.  Yesterday, we finalized everything, printed it out and she’s turned it in today.  There will be judging this week and we shall see where she ends up.  As I told her, it doesn’t really matter to me about the whole judging part.  I just wanted her to learn what’s involved in writing a paper and how to go about editing.  I mainly want her to get a good grade for her class.  Anything on top of that would be cake.  So we will see.  The history fair is today and tomorrow.  Bill and I will be going to the school tomorrow to look at the projects that were made in an exhibit format.  For your reading pleasure, I have attached Emily’s paper.  So if you’ve ever wondered about the history of microwaves, you shall now learn.  Please feel free to forward any comments to her.
 
Thanksgiving was great.  Bill cooked up a fantastic bird along with all the fixins’.  I ate heartily and mightily.  Unfortunately for me, that means I only got to have one serving before I was full L.  But it was great to have some time off to spend at home.  I’ve been working relief shifts at various small animal clinics a lot this month, so I was pretty tired.  As usual, the leftovers were almost as good as the main meal.  I wish it was Thanksgiving every day.  Bill says that he will make EVERYTHING from scratch next year.  He was a bit upset with himself for using premade biscuits and premade gravy.  We shall see.  I’m pretty sure he said that last year.  I for one, strongly encourage him to experiment, experiment, and experiment!  Got to make sure he’s got it right before next year!
 
This week will continue to be busy for us.  Emily has a music concert and a girl scout even this weekend.  She also has a school dance on Thursday.  When I originally mentioned it, she had no interest in going.  She still really doesn’t.  But while the dance is going on, there is a simultaneous meeting for parents to learn about the high school program.  So Emily is kind of obligated to go. Fortunately, her best friend is also going so she’s not that broken up about going.  Emily is totally not into dancing so I know that won’t happen.  But there will be pizza and snacks so it shouldn’t be a terrible time for her. 
 
As for Bill, he’s getting ramped up for the veterinary conference in January.  All their final planning meetings are taking place and things are getting hectic.  They will only continue to become more hectic as we approach the new year.  That’s why we never go anywhere during the Christmas holidays or even recommend that family visit.  Bill is usually too busy to be a good host.  As for me, my job continues to go OK.  Several of my coworkers are flying out to Tampa next week for planning meetings with the Florida Fish and Wildlife.   I’ll probably have dinner with them or something. 
 
Well that’s about it for me.  I need to get back to work and plan for the next few days.  I will be participating in manatee captures.  The weather looks like it may be nasty, so I’m not sure how well things will turn out.  But I’ll certainly let you know when I write again.  Have a great week and I’ll be in touch!
 
 Hello again everyone!  I hope you’re all ready for Thanksgiving!
 
Here at the Keller house, it’s been busy as usual.  Emily finished up her science fair experiment over the weekend.  As I mentioned, she was looking at whether the bioluminescence of algae changed depending on the amount of light it was exposed to.  She got unexpected results.  She hypothesized that the algae that didn’t get any light would be the dimmest.  But it was the reverse.  Emily is thinking that the algae were constantly in their “dark mode” and therefore were always ready to luminesce whereas the algae exposed to light all the time were stuck in their “day mode” and barely luminesced at all.  She had to turn in her data this week but the actual science fair is not until January.  So she has until then to develop her data into a full-blown science fair display.  We’ll probably work on that a little bit through the rest of the year and then do the major work over the Christmas holidays.
 
The other major project Emily continues to work on is her history fair paper.  She’s got her draft written up so now it’s in the process of editing and rewriting.  I know history is Emily’s least favorite class so she will be elated when this whole project is done with.  The actual history fair is next week.  I’m not sure what to expect since I’ve never been to one.  Looking at pictures from last year, it seems a lot of kids make displays and/or webpages etc.  Each type of entry is judged separately, so Emily will only be judged against other students who write papers.  It promises to be interesting!
 
Last week, Emily’s school put on the musical performance “Oliver!”  We went on Friday night despite Emily’s grumblings about it.  For some reason, she just didn’t want anything to do with it or hear about it.  I think it’s because in 5th or 6th grade they had to learn the songs to Oliver and she hated them.  Anyhow, the production was well done.  Unfortunately, none of us particularly enjoyed the show. It had nothing to do with the acting or singing or quality, it was mainly the show itself.  It seemed to lag and not do much.  The songs seemed out of place and pointless.  At least in Emily’s musical last year, the songs were part of the story.  In this one, the opening number is a bunch of little boys singing (for a long time) about how much they want food.  OK.  I got it after the second verse.  You’re hungry.  Anyhow, like I said, it was well done and kudos to all those involved, but I definitely know I’m not a fan of that particular musical.
 
As I’m sure it is with most everyone, Emily has a short school week this week.  Yesterday was her last day of the week so she’s off until Monday.  On Thursday, we plan to eat quite a lot of turkey, courtesy of Bill.  I’m super thankful that he likes cooking and I’m super thankful that he’s good at it.  I love Thanksgiving dinner. It has to be my favorite meal ever.  And then, of course, there’s the football. Don’t really know who’s playing this year but it doesn’t matter.  The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are an embarrassment this year so there’s no hope left for them.  We recently bought a new Wii Mario game, so we’ll probably spend some time playing that as well.  There is a multiplayer mode so now you can not only dodge bullets and jump on koopas, but now you can grab your fellow player and lob them into Petey piranha plants.  That doesn’t seem right but Bill insists that’s how it’s supposed to be played.
 
Well that’s about it for me.  A short and sweet email.  Gotta make sure I’m ready for all the eating.  I hope you have a great Thanksgiving and I’ll be in touch soon enough!
 
 Hello again everyone!  I hope you are all doing well!  This month seems to be just flying by!  Thanksgiving is just around the corner! Well, here’s what we’ve been up to…
 
As I mentioned in my last email, there was a meeting for the 8th graders at Emily’s school concerning their shift into high school. Parents were also invited to attend.  I thought it was a good meeting.  They outlined the requirements for graduation, the college advisors that will be available to them, and tried to explain the differences between middle school life and high school life.  The biggest change in the middle schooler’s mind is that they no longer have to wear uniforms.  At Emily’s school they have uniforms until 8thgrade.  From 9th on, there is a dress code, but no uniforms.  I would have much preferred they stay in uniforms till graduation (like they did at her school in California), but alas.  It’s so much easier to shop for when all you need are 5 shirts and 5 shorts (OK, and maybe a few pants).  I think the best part of the presentation for the kids was when the current high school students gave their advice and opinions.  The bad part of that was that it was clear the high school had selected the over-achieving students to represent the high school.  So they probably already had good study habits, good organizational skills etc.  I thought it would have been more helpful to have some of the more “normal” students explain how these skills are necessary once you reached high school.  Ah well.  Emily thought it was weird how much college was emphasized even for 9th graders.  I think she’s having a hard time believing that college will be here before she knows it!
 
At my job, we had a semi-annual “State of the Company” type meeting.  It was interesting to hear what’s going on.  We had been working for nearly 2 years now on getting a “for-profit” arm of the company going.  We had plans to set up large scale production net pens in the Pacific, in the San Diego area.  Unfortunately, those plans have all been put on hold.  Although the plans have been met with enthusiasm by some, there are the requisite environmental groups who oppose any use of the ocean for food production.  In addition, there is great confusion in the future of aquaculture in general.  With the new administration in place, there have been several bills introduced that may severely limit or even prohibit the development of any open water net pens for aquaculture purposes. Therefore, rather than spend another year going through the whole permitting process only to find out the rules have changed and we’re back to square one, Hubbs has decided to go a different direction.  As a result, most of our energy is now devoted to developing hatcheries in Mexico.  (Warning, I will now start a diatribe).  This is JUST the kind of crap that happens when government gets its fingers into every little business venture, and when it fails to provide a clear position on where it stands on certain things.  Hubbs was all set to build huge open water net pens.  The pens would hold marine fish for human consumption.  We would have had to hire people not only to work the pens, but then we’d need to use fish processing and fish packers, transporters, etc, for the resulting metric tons of fish we’d produce.  All of these things result in jobs and economic prosperity for the San Diego area.  However, because of the miles of red tape, and insecurity, these jobs now appear destined for Mexico.  And it’s not even because we can get cheaper labor there.  It’s simply because that’s the only place we can actually do our job!  Bottom line, too much government interference is NEVER a good thing. (End diatribe)
 
Last week, Emily got started with her flute lessons.  I’ve been going back and forth with a flute teacher trying to get her set up. Unfortunately, she’s been having some family issues and we ended up playing phone tag for nearly a month.  Nevertheless, Emily started last week.  I think the teacher is a very good fit for her.  Emily definitely has some natural abilities on the flute but needs some more structure in regards to better flute technique.  Although she has band at school, the quality is definitely lacking.  Emily’s known that for years and it’s been frustrating for her.  This should help her really improve.  Although it’s not for sure, it appears that Emily will probably compete in the District music competition with a solo.  Thus far, Emily’s not only been enjoying her lessons, but also practicing enthusiastically.  I’m considering getting some music theory software for her (so if anybody has any suggestions let me know).  I know when I was a music major I found it to be quite helpful.  (For those of you that didn’t know, I was a music major for three years…)
 
This week was the first week that tickets went on sale for the all-school musical performance of Oliver, at Emily’s school.   Although Emily was in the musical last year, she didn’t want to audition this year because she still states that she hates singing.  But many of her classmates are in the show and I felt that it showed school spirit to support her fellow classmates.  According to the email that was sent out prior, the tickets were to go on sale at 8 am on Thursday morning.  I had to drop Emily off at the school at 7:30 and then parked and walked over to the theater, expecting a small wait.  Well boy was I wrong.  Apparently, some people had gotten in line at 4:45 in the morning!!!  Ridiculous!  This is a SCHOOL musical for Pete’s sake!  By the time I got there, the line was quite long.  And it was very frustrating because a lot of the parents had gotten together and so some were buying tickets for 6 or 7 families at a time.  I was in line for an hour before I finally got our tickets.  The performance is next week and it better be worth it!!
 
In other Emily news, her science fair experiment is currently underway.  She has several vials of bioluminescent algae under different amounts of light and has been evaluating them subjectively twice daily.  She should have her data complete this weekend.  Hopefully, everything goes well.  The other big project that she has to work on is her history fair project.  Entering the local history fair is mandatory for her class.  Her project involves the invention of the microwave and how it’s changed America.  She’s got a lot of good info and I’ve learned a lot from her about microwave technology.  Now she just has to put it in the form of an essay.  They are given the choice of how to present the material.  It can be a documentary, an exhibit, a performance, a website, or a paper.  Emily’s chosen to do the paper method.  The fair is the first week of December so she doesn’t have a whole lot of time left!
 
Well that about does it for me.  Hope you have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!
 
Hello again everyone!  Welcome to November!

 

Well, the last week has been a busy one for us.  Emily’s first trimester is winding down and all her projects that she’s been working on are coming due.  She’s doing well time-wise; it’s just been a lot of work.  I know that she’s been frustrated with her lack of free time during the week.  Unfortunately, as I’ve explained to her, it’s not getting any better once high school starts.  I think she’s having a hard time coming to grips with that fact,  This upcoming week, the 8th graders will have a question and answer session with the high school faculty and staff.  I think they want them prepared and aware of what is expected, what options they have, what groups they can join etc.  It should be interesting and hopefully will give Emily some insight into what she should expect moving forward.  As for her science fair project, her bioluminescent algae arrived and it is pretty cool stuff.  We have it sitting outside to get back to normal after being boxed up for several days.  But we've already played around with it and it TOTALLY lights up when you agitate it.  Way cool!

 

Over the last month, I’ve been trying to do my running with Foofer.  I was running with her in California, and she had been doing OK, but was definitely limiting me in that she would get tired and I’d have to stop.  Once I restarted here in Florida, I mistakenly assumed she was in better shape than she was.  You’d think, being a vet and all, I’d know stuff like this.  Nevertheless, I started running with her and hoped that over the course of a few weeks, she’d ramp up and be able to keep pace with me (not that I’m fantastic by any stretch).  Unfortunately, she hasn’t really gotten much better.  I think part of the reason is that I sometimes forget how old she is.  Having had Nina, I always think of her as my “young” dog.  However, I got her when Emily was 4 years old.  That makes her 9 now which is certainly getting up there in dog years.  So I’m starting to think that she’s just not going to get a whole lot better and I’ll have to do my running alone.  Which is kind of sad but I can’t keep “barely running” and hope to get into triathlon shape again.  I’ll just make sure I take her for plenty of walks.  She really enjoys those.

 

This week, in the Halloween spirit, we attended a pipe organ concert called “Phantom Pipes”.  It was held at a local church because, where else are you going to find a full blown pipe organ setup?  It was a really cool concert.  They had various local organists play various classical organ pieces and then interspersed them with “pumpkin carols” such as “I’m dreaming of the Great Pumpkin” and “Trick or Treat” (sung to the tune of Jingle Bells – sample lyrics “Dashing through the streets, meeting goblins as we go….Wearing contour sheets….Wishing it would snow…..).  It was fun.  And of course, the grand finale of the concert was a performance of Bach’s Toccata and Fugue in D Minor.  If you think you don’t know what song that is, you’re wrong.  Everyone has heard it and it is one of the coolest pipe organ songs around.  I think the intro to Phantom of the Opera is up there as well (personally).  Anyhow, after the concert, they had refreshments in the lobby and we ate some yummy cookies.  Afterwards, Emily and I decided to go and take a closer look at the organ itself.  One of the main organ players was still there and graciously showed us the organ, up close and personal.  He showed us how the majority of the pipes were actually hidden behind grates and explained how the blower worked (to make the pipes sound) and how the different sounds are produced and how volume is controlled.  It was really fascinating.  Emily didn’t realize that the organists have an entire keyboard that they control with their feet.  All in all, it was a very cool performance and one that we’ll have to attend next year.

 

On Friday, Bill and Emily got to work on getting the Halloween decorations up at our house.  We had done a little bit a few weeks ago, but kind of dragged our feet on getting the rest done.  I had to work that day so it was strictly Bill and Emily.  They did a great job and when I got home, was a little creeped out by my own house.  They had propped up a creepy masked head (being held up by a lacrosse stick) in the window and had it lit up.  So it looked like some weird monster guy was looking out the window.  We also had the usual spider webs, a giant spider and severed limbs.  Then on Halloween, we got the rest of the set up ready.  Bill went and bought some dry ice to place underneath the candy so that the cauldron of candy looked like some weird potion.  We got our fog machine set up and got our Halloween music rolling.

 

Although it’s officially November, the weather here has been ridiculous.  I know I mentioned a few weeks ago that we had record highs, then ironically, a week later, had record lows.  Well, once again, we’re back to record highs.  In fact, I went to pick up Emily from school on Wednesday.  When I walked outside it felt like the middle of summer.  On the way, the news reported that the temperature was about 92 but the heat index was 99!  That’s insane!  I’m so tired of it being hot! Needless to say, that really affected Halloween.  Emily had planned on being “a shadow” and as such, had to dress all in black.  That means long sleeve shirt and pants.  That made it quite hot for her to walk around.  I was dressed as “The money you could be saving by switching to Geico”.  In order to cover myself up, I was under a black sheet and that was very hot as well.  I told Bill to remind me never to move to a country that would require me to wear a burqa.  That stinks!  Plus, with the heat, the mosquitoes are still out in full force and both Bill and I had to apply bug spray to stay outside.  Not quite how Halloween usually is.  This year, we even dressed up my dog Foofer.  She's a Dalmatian cross so I thought it was fitting that she dressed up as a firefighter.  It was cute and I was surprised at how well she tolerated her costume.  Overall, the numbers of Halloween visitors to our house seemed quite low.  I’m not sure why.  I’d heard there were some concerns about H1N1 spread or stuff like that, but I’m not sure if that’s the reason why.  The day after Halloween, we usually go to the Halloween party stores and buy everything half off for next year.  But once again, we were a little surprised to see how little there was of everything compared to previous years.  It seems that the stores purchased a lot less of everything since they knew that their sales would be down in this economy.  But we did get a few more cool decorations for next year and hopefully, our visitors will increase.  Now it’s time to look forward to Thanksgiving!

 

As for me, my job is going well.  There’s been talk about bringing me back to California again but if it does happen, it wouldn’t be until December.  I’ve been learning some new techniques here in Florida with the hatchery people and they want me to go back to California for training.  I am trying to just train people remotely (and think it might work).  I’d rather not have to go out there if I don’t have to.  We shall see what happens though. 

 

Well that about does it for me.  I hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  I’m definitely late in sending out my email.  My apologies.  I don’t really have an excuse, I was just lazy!

 

Last week, Emily officially had her 13th birthday.  The day before her birthday, we went to a Tampa Bay Lightning game (our hockey team).  The game was great.  If you recall, we got the tickets for free and they were pretty good seats although they were in the nosebleed section.  I liked the view being that high though.  I think it helps to see the game better.  I think if I had rink side tickets, I’d be a little annoyed (although seeing the players slam into each other from close-up would be cool!)  One of the coolest things was that there was a special promotion put on by a hockey sponsor.  If the Lightning scored at least 2 points, everybody would get a free movie ticket.  Well fortunately for us, the Lightning DID score more than 2 points and so we got 3 free movie tickets from going to our free hockey game.  SCORE!!!

 

Emily got some presents she really wanted and I think had a great birthday overall.  And did I mention Bill’s delicious cookie cake?  Mmmmm…. One of the negative side effects of her birthday weekend bash was that she got a bit behind on her school work.  As I’ve mentioned previously, she has a LOT of projects in nearly all her classes.  We’ve been using weekends and some weekdays to get those projects done.  But while having so much fun over her birthday weekend, we got behind.  So last week was spent trying to get caught back up.  Emily didn’t have school last Friday (teacher planning day) so we spent most of that day working on her stuff.  That evening, I dropped her off at a local nature park for a camping weekend with her Girl Scout troop.

 

These last few weeks, it’s been ridiculously hot.  We’ve had record highs (for October) in the low 90s.  So when I dropped Emily off on Friday evening, she was wearing shorts.  That day, though, a cold front came in.  They were originally going to sleep in tents over the weekend, but it was stormy the first night and they didn’t want to camp out if there was lightning.  So they stayed in a little house that was on the property.  By that next morning, it was WAY cold (for us Floridians).  It was actually record lows (for October).  It was about 54 degrees when we woke up.  Fortunately, the place where they were camping was super close to the house and I knew that the Girl Scouts would be working at a harvest festival being held in the park.  So later that morning, Bill and I went to the festival and brought Emily a sweatshirt.  The festival was small but cute.  The Girl Scouts were having a bake sale to raise money for an eventual trip next year to Savannah, GA.  Emily didn’t seem to care that I brought her the sweatshirt, but she WAS wearing it when I picked her up the next morning.  Given the fact that she spent most of the weekend camping, once she got home on Sunday, we once again had to spend a lot of time getting her caught up on her schoolwork.  So needless to say, Emily is getting quite tired of school.

 

This week has been more a return to normal living.  Emily’s first trimester is winding down.  She is doing well in some classes but not so hot in others.  Like all other kids, she’s got her strengths (science) and weaknesses (social studies).  But hopefully, she’ll work it out.  As she well knows, 8th grade is really the last “free pass” that she’ll have.  Once high school starts, all her grades will count when and if she decides to go to college.  I’ve been trying to give her helpful study and time management tips but she’s resistant to a lot of my ideas.  Besides, what do I know?  I only went to college for 13 years (counting undergrad, vet school, and my master’s degree). 

 

This week, we took advantage of our free movie tickets (SCORE!) and went to see the movie Zombieland.  It was really a choice between two movies, either Zombieland or Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs.  I wanted to see the meatball movie and Bill wanted to see Zombieland.  So we left it up to Emily who, much to my surprise, chose Zombieland (darn that dad influence!).  I warned her that it was very gory but she said that was fine.  So we saw it.  Overall, it was amusing and funny in places, but I was glad I didn’t pay money to see it.  It just kind of started and then just kind of stopped.  Bill said that’s to be expected given that it’s about a zombie plague.  As he said “you can’t fix a zombie plague”.  I guess because I’m a vet and not a physician, I didn’t learn all that much about zombie plagues.  So I’ll take his word for it.  But Bill liked it.  Emily seemed to have more of the same opinion as I did about the movie but was taken aback a bit about the gore.  As she put it “I didn’t know they even MADE movies like that!” 

 

Unfortunately for Emily, this weekend will prove to be filled with more schoolwork.  She’s got to get going on her science fair project and is quickly running out of time.  Her project is observing whether bioluminescent algae luminesce more brightly when exposed to greater amounts of light.  My main hiccup with the whole thing is getting a hold of the company that sells the algae.  I’ve left a few messages but still haven’t heard anything.  Hopefully they respond soon.

 

In H1N1 news, Emily and I both got vaccinated earlier this week.  I originally took Emily to be vaccinated but when we got there, they just assumed that I wanted it too so I didn’t refuse.  We both got the nasal vaccine and it was super easy.  Emily hasn’t had any side effects and I thought I didn’t either until today.  I’m super sluggish today and am running a mild fever.  Hopefully it’s not anything major.  This was before all the news came out about how there is a vaccine shortage.  Well there wasn’t when we went in but as I’ve said before, there’s nothing the government touches that doesn’t turn out twice as expensive and half as efficient.  Hopefully those of you in high risk categories go out and get both the seasonal and the H1N1 vaccine!

 

Well that’s about it for me.  I hope you all have a great weekend and I’ll be in touch soon enough.  I promise!

 Hello again everyone!  Hope you all had a great week!

 

It was another busy week for us.  I spent a lot of last week visiting local state fish hatcheries.  Since we’ll be in partnership with them, they are anxious to learn from us and vice versa.  So I spent some time meeting with people and getting to know how they handle their Red Drum.  Because the water is so much warmer here compared to California, things happen a lot faster metabolically.  It was interesting to see how similar yet different a lot of our practices were.  I will probably be visiting with them several more times. 

 

This weekend, we partially celebrated Emily’s 13th birthday.  Her birthday is actually tomorrow, but we spent the weekend having a 13th birthday bash.  On Saturday, we went to a local water park.  The weather here has been unseasonably hot (even for Florida) so it was low 90’s on Saturday.  Being that it’s October, the crowd level was really pretty low making it a fantastic day to visit.  We went on nearly all the slides/rides and visited all the major pool areas.  By the end of the day, we were pretty tired, hungry, and Bill was slightly burned.  I won’t mention that I recommended reapplying sunscreen about mid day through.  All in all, it was a really fun day.

 

On Sunday, Emily had her best friend over to the house.  They hung out while Bill made up a fantastic chocolate chip cookie cake.  After a pizza lunch, we enjoyed his awesomely tasting cookie cake.  It was divine.  After that, Emily and her friend went roller skating.  Neither Emily nor her friend are very good skaters so they seemed more interested in getting snacks than skating.  But slowly, they braved the rink and actually started getting better and better.  Unfortunately, her friend had to go home in the early afternoon so we had to cut it off a bit short.  Emily is considering making a weekly roller skating trip so that she can improve.  If she does that, I’ll have to make myself go out as well.  I have sprained my knee twice (once while a kid and once while an adult) while roller skating/blading and I have a bit of an aversion to doing it again.  But I can’t have Emily show me up on the rink!

 

This evening, we will be attending the Tampa Bay Lightning hockey game.  If you recall, these are the tickets we got for free just by buying stuff at IKEA.  As if shopping there wasn’t a joy in and of itself!  And then tomorrow, is Emily’s ACTUAL birthday.  We will be giving her her presents at that time.  We’ll also be going out to eat at the restaurant of her choice which will probably be the same one we went to for Bill and my anniversary.  They have the most delicious food.  So it’s gonna be a busy beginning of the week. 

 

This week, my cousin was married in Utah.  I was very bummed to not be able to attend but my sister flew out and gave me regular Facebook updates.  So I kind of felt like I was there.  It turns out he and his beautiful bride will be honeymooning in Orlando.  So if they have the time and we are available, I hope to be able to pop on over and go out to lunch or dinner with them. 

 

In political news, I’m sure you’ve all heard by now that our president has won himself the Nobel Peace Prize.  I think I’m with the majority in thinking what a ridiculous thing that was.  I vehemently disagree with a lot of what Jimmy Carter and Al Gore have to say about a lot of things.  Both of those gentlemen also won Nobel Prizes.  And while I felt there were better candidates, at the very least they had DONE something in order to be nominated.  But in this case, Obama had only been in office less than 2 weeks before getting nominated.  I think this has only helped to continue the degradation of the credibility of the whole Nobel Prize.  Don't forget Yassar Arafat also won one for his work with developing more efficient ways to instruct others on the fine art of suicide bombing.  I was disturbed that Obama had the gall to accept it on the basis of what he “hopes” will happen in the future.  For any of you that didn’t have the opportunity to listen to various pundit opinions on Friday, you missed out on some good jokes.  Apparently Obama also won an Oscar for a movie he intends to star it, won a daytime Emmy for a TV performance he is thinking about, and won the Westminster Dog Show with his dog Beau, beating out a puggle.  Oh and he was also the Motor Trend Car of the Year.  

 

Lastly, I’d like to give belated congratulations to my family in Rio.  Congratulations on getting the 2016 Olympics!  I was thrilled to hear the news and hope that this brings the city some great prosperity.  Having been there, I can attest to the fact that no one knows how to put on a party like Brazilians.  I’m sure your country will do a fantastic job and I look forward to it.  By now you should all know that I am an Olympics junkie and will definitely be watching.  Parabéns!

 

Well that about does it for me.  I hope you have a great week and I’ll be in touch!

Hello again everyone!  Hope you all have enjoyed your week!

 

It was an interesting week for us.  We finally got around to getting some furniture for Emily’s room.  Because of the multiple moves, we’ve been steadily getting rid of our furniture to minimize how much we had to transport.  As a result, we ended up with very little furniture in several areas of our house.  Poor Emily has been surviving with a bed, a desk and nothing else.  So we finally addressed her needs.  We, of course, went to our favorite store IKEA.  Emily chose a cool looking bookcase/shelving item as well as a dresser with a mirror.  If you’ve ever bought anything from IKEA, you know that everything is sold in flat boxes so there is always a lot of assembly required.  We spent the weekend doing that.  It was fairly easy.  Bill made the dresser while I assembled the bookcase.  The hardest part of the whole thing was moving all of Emily’s stuff OUT of her room (it was on temporary plastic shelving).  Once the furniture was set, Emily spent a lot of the weekend getting all her stuff organized.  Now her room looks great and she loves it. 

 

When we first got to IKEA we noticed that there was a Tampa Bay Lightning trailer outside (our local NHL hockey team).  Once inside we saw that they were having some of the players sign autographs and take pictures.  We’ve been to one Lightning game several years ago and thoroughly enjoyed it but we are by no means familiar with the players.  So although it was an interesting novelty, we didn’t really stick around to see any of that.  As we checked out however, we were stunned to hear the IKEA check out person ask us if we wanted complementary Lightning tickets.  We said YES!  She asked how many we wanted and we requested 3.  Before we knew it, we had 3 tickets to the Lightning game for next week.  I’m not quite sure why but we were happy nonetheless! 

 

On Saturday, we volunteered at a local coastal cleanup event.  The county has several clean up events around many of the beaches and coastlines.  We decided we would volunteer at one.  This particular one had a need for both land and water volunteers.  We don’t have a canoe or kayak so went planning on helping out on land.  When we got there however, it turned out they had some spare canoes so we ended up going on the water route instead.  We got signed in and got our life jackets, trash bags, trash grabbers, gloves etc.  The area we were assigned was a local mangrove bayou.  The morning weather was really nice and it was quite a pleasant canoe ride.  The hardest part was staying near the shore where all the trash ends up.  And being that it was mangroves, often times the trash would be so far within the mangrove roots that we couldn’t reach it without potentially tipping the canoe over.  I was in the front of the canoe and quickly learned that when you approach the shore head on, you become the first one to potentially run into all the elaborate spider webs (AND SPIDERS) that are hanging out on the shore.  I screamed like a girl more than once.  But since I’m a girl, that’s allowed.  I’m not necessarily afraid of spiders, but these were rather large spiders and a lot of them and they were right at face level.  I have my limits.  Only about 10-15 minutes after being out, we ran across a group of kayakers that had recovered a TV set!  They had capsized and were all in the water in an attempt to retrieve it, but retrieve it they did!  The most interesting thing we found was a large packet of brisket meat that was MOSTLY still sealed (and stunk to high heaven!).  That got double bagged.  About halfway through the morning, the sun came out in full force and it quickly became very hot.  Unfortunately on the way back we had to row directly facing the sun.  Poor Emily had to sit in the middle of the canoe and ended up with quite a wet butt.  On the way back we passed a different group of kayakers that had actually recovered an ENTIRE OLD CANOE!  and were towing it back. 

 

All told, we were out on the water about 3 hours.  Once back on shore, we separated our collections into the recycle bins and put the remainder in the trash.  The amount of trash that was collected by others was quite amazing.  Some people had recovered tires, palettes, crab traps etc.  I don’t have all the specifics yet but I was told that 380 lbs of just glass was collected that day.  After returning to shore and putting our canoe away, there was pizza and drinks.  After that was a raffle.  Various local organizations offered up items for raffle.  Emily ended up winning a free ½ day kayak rental at one of the local kayak places!  So that was exciting.  We’ll have to use that in the near future. 

 

Well that’s about it for me this week.  Emily turns 13 next Tuesday.  She didn’t want to have a big party but instead, just wanted to do something fun with her best friend.  So it sounds like they’ll be going roller skating this weekend, and perhaps more, we’ll just have to see.  I’d also like to wish my cousin Jerry a big congratulations on his upcoming wedding.  I would have liked to be able to attend but it doesn’t look like I’ll be able to.  I hope all my family has a great time. 

 

Enjoy your week and I’ll be in touch!

 
Hello again everyone!

 

I hope you have all been enjoying your fall weather.  Today was the first really nice fall day of the season here.  It’s been so hot this summer that it was a pleasant surprise to feel this morning. 

 

This was a pretty good week here.  Last week, Bill took a one day cooking class held by one of our local grocery store chains.  He wasn’t sure how well it would work and was a bit skeptical about it.  But afterwards, he says it was the best $35.00 he’s ever spent.  They learned how to make four separate pasta dishes.  He said the biggest things he got from it was not necessarily the recipes (anyone can get those) but the subtleties of cooking.  For example, the proper way to separate egg whites or the best way to mix your sauce into the pasta.  Bill has prepared a few of those dishes for us since then.  One was absolutely DIVINE.  The second one was just great.  I am all in favor of supporting his education in anyway I can.  I enjoy the successes and quickly forget the failures (except for the times when the smoke detectors go off).  This week, Bill also made a gigantic Tres Leches dessert that resulted in him forcing Emily and I to eat dessert for lunch and dinner for 3 days straight.  I definitely need to get back on my triathlon training if Bill is going to continue his culinary successes like this!

 

On Friday, Emily’s school had their homecoming game.  As part of the band, she went to play on the “pep band”.  Their band is really quite small and lacks a lot of brass, so they are limited in how loud they can be.  The opposing team’s band was also small, but seemed to have a lot of trumpets.  One in particular apparently thought he/she was all that and persisted in trying to play high notes during the entire game.  He/she only succeeded in playing the CORRECT high notes about 30% of the time resulting in 70% of ear splitting WRONG high notes.  It was not fun.  Fortunately for them, their football team was way better than their band.  They soundly beat the Shorecrest Chargers by a large margin.  Emily continues to dislike going to the football games, but at least this time she was joined by her best friend so that they could be miserable together.

 

This weekend, we went to a local “Folk Art Fest” that was being held in downtown St Pete.  Emily’s been showing a greater and great aptitude for drawing so I thought it would be interesting to see what the local art scene had to offer.  Overall, most of the art was a bit too “busy” for my taste.  I prefer simplicity.  One local artist used silverware to make really interesting pieces. Once Emily saw how much the artists were charging for their artwork, she became a bit more interested in getting some canvas and learning to use actual acrylic paints.  Little does she know that they can charge $500 for a piece but they only sell 2 pieces a year.  They don’t call them starving artists for nothing!

 

Anyhow, after the art fest, we were driving home and took a wrong turn (which is easy to do in downtown) and ended up in a residential neighborhood.  Driving by some apartment buildings, we saw a very small, completely fenced in area (probably the size of someone’s bathroom) with a great egret trapped inside.  The area was fenced in because there were power boxes or something in there that the apartment complex apparently didn’t want people messing with.  The egret must have flown in but didn’t have enough space to fly out.  What was disturbing about it was that there was a group of kids outside the fence who were kicking and taunting the poor bird.  As soon as Bill saw that, he said “Call the SPCA right now!”  I gladly obliged.  The SPCA referred me to a local bird rehabilitation center.  When I called them, they told me I needed to call the rescuer.  When I talked to the rescuer, I quickly became annoyed (something Bill and Emily might claim doesn’t take much).  As soon as I mentioned that the bird was trapped in an area with power boxes, her voice rose about 2 octaves and she became super whiny.  “Well how am I supposed to get in there!  We’ll have to contact the power company or something!  I can’t get in there! Blah blah blah blah.”  Having worked for a rehab center that DID bird rescues, I knew that it would actually be quite easily to climb the fence and net the bird.  Unfortunately, I did not have a net.  I tried to explain that it wasn’t a super large power grid that we were dealing with but a residential setup and a small fenced in area.  But her whininess continued and she kept asking ME questions about how SHE was supposed to perform the rescue.  I quickly realized she was useless and told her that I guess she couldn’t do it and the bird would just have to die.  I then hung up.  I probably shouldn’t have said that dying part but she was ticking me off and it seemed that she preferred whining about her problems rather than actually trying to look for solutions.  My guess is that she’s allowed many birds to die because of that.  Nevertheless, I of course, did not give up.  I called the police and informed them that I had tried calling the bird rescue place and they couldn’t seem to get their act together so at the very least, it would be great if officers could at least stop the kids from harassing the animal.  It might be able to find its way out.  That’s the best I could do. 

 

Today, we had a student-teacher-parent conference today.  This was the first year that the schools decided to include the students in on the conference.  Emily thought it was extremely awkward.  Rather than going over academic achievements/failures, they had the student’s do self-evaluations prior to the conference.  Then during the conference they had to discuss ways of improving some of their deficiencies.  Needless to say, Emily did not enjoy that at all.  I think it was worthwhile and am glad she’s given herself some goals.  We’ll see what happens. 

 

Well that’s about it for me.  I want to wish my cousin Vanessa a happy birthday this week and also wish my mother-in-law a happy birthday today!

 

Have a great week everyone!

Hello again everyone!  Hope you all had a great week!

 

This was a tough week for Emily.  She’s been a little overwhelmed with the amount of school work she has.  She spent all weekend working on stuff she got behind on during the week.  So it wasn’t a very enjoyable weekend for her in the slightest.  Fortunately, she got caught up and hopefully will be able to manage it from here on out.  Today she has a field trip to go out and do some restoration work on an area of Tampa Bay.  It’s for their oceanography class.  Hopefully everything goes OK and they have some fun.

 

As for me, it was an interesting work week.  Some of my fellow Hubbs employees were in the Tampa Bay area to attend an aquaculture workshop.  On Thursday, I met up with one of them and toured the Florida Fish and Wildlife hatchery which raises red drum and sea trout.  It was interesting seeing how another group runs things.  The hatchery that Hubbs will eventually be building will be a collaborative effort along with Florida Fish and Wildlife, so they were anxious to get to know us, show us around etc.  I will be going out there again soon to get the low down on what they do with their species of fish in terms of health issues.  The nice thing about that is that it’s not a very long drive at all.  Sure beats driving clear across the state to Melbourne!

 

Thursday was also our 15th wedding anniversary!  As I mentioned, I spent the first half of the day trouncing around a fish hatchery while Bill worked at home.  But that evening we went out to dinner at one of our favorite restaurants.  I had to Google it prior to leaving to make sure it was still in business.  I don’t know about you all, but the amount of restaurants that have close around here is pretty insane!  Fortunately, it was open and still quite busy.  The food was yummy and we all ate WAY too much.  It’s still hard to believe that we’ve been married 15 years.  It seems so much LONGER than that.  Heheh.  Just kidding.  Course, it’s also hard to believe that Emily is nearly in high school!  Even Emily finds that hard to believe. 

 

As far as our house, we’ve had a problem with water leaking under our back door since before we moved back.  We had it repaired before we moved back and originally intended to put new carpet in the back.  Unfortunately, we discovered that it was still leaking.  Since then, we’ve had the door worked on three or four more times and each time, we still see leaking water when it rains (which is often right now).  This weekend, we had 2 people working on it all morning only for there to be lots of water coming in that night!  ARGH!  I guess the door was never installed correctly.  So it looks like we’re going to have to get a whole new door frame installed at some point.  Until then, it is pointless to get new carpet in the back since it would continue to get soaked.  So that’s been majorly annoying.  I’m glad that none of you have come to visit us recently.  Except for my sister.  But since we shared a room and her side was always messier than mine, I didn’t really care if she saw my house as is.  Heheh.

 

This week, our entire family received our flu vaccines.  I hope all of you do the same.  It’s just good practice, especially for the young and the old.  Once the H1N1 vaccine comes out, I would recommend that as well.  The best offense is a good defense.  Emily got hers first and was a bit sore afterwards.  I think due to that, Bill and I may have experienced the “nocebo” effect which is the opposite of the placebo effect.  We were expecting to be sore and achy so we were.  Bummer.  But at least we won’t have a repeat of last spring where we ALL had the flu.  That is much worse than dealing with flu shot aches!

 

On Friday, we drove down to Sarasota Florida to meet my coworkers for dinner.  It has been a LONG time since we’ve been to Sarasota.  It’s not really THAT far away but we just have no reason to go down there any longer.  I used to work in Sarasota when I was working for a wildlife rehabilitation center down there.  For those of you who don’t know, the rehabilitation center ran out of funding and unfortunately had to be shut down.  That was back in late 2006.  I don’t think I’ve been back since then.  Dinner was good and the weather was lovely.  Or at least we thought so.  Our California companions felt that it was too humid.  It certainly WAS humid but by that time of the evening, it really wasn’t all that hot (even Bill agreed) so it was kind of funny to see the differing of opinions.  After dinner, Bill drove a short way down the road so we could see the rehab center.  After it closed, a different private group took charge and it reopened earlier this year.  It was weird and a little sad to see it after so long.  It pretty much looks like it did before.  There was a sailing organization that offered sailing camp over the summer.  Emily used to go to that in the morning and then walk across the street to the rehab center and help me out in the afternoons.  We’d often go to a local restaurant for some lunch.  All the memories came back.  It’s too bad.  I really liked that job.  :(  

 

Well that’s about it for me.  My arm is still sore so I’ll spare you from my political rantings this week (lucky you).  I hope you all enjoyed the first day of fall (or spring for you Southern hemisphere residents!).  Have a great week and I’ll be in touch!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope you had a great week!

 

This wasn’t too interesting of a week for us.  Emily is slaving away through 8th grade.  She has a LOT of projects to work on this year.  She’s got a science project, a history project, a math project, an English project, and an all encompassing 8th grade project.  So I’ve been working with her on how to manage her time so that she doesn’t get overwhelmed or behind.  She hasn’t been too thrilled with the amount of work she has, but she’s been handling it OK and we haven’t had to butt heads too much so far.  But the year is young!

 

One fun thing that Emily got to do was actually sponsored by her orthodontist office.  The office (for whatever reason), organized a laser tag event for all their patients.  Their patients were allowed to bring one friend and that allowed them to go do laser tag, have pizza, etc.  Emily invited her best friend Jade.  It sounds like they had a fairly good time.  I’m glad she got to do some stuff with her friend that DIDN’T involve school.

 

In job news, the Florida office in Hubbs finally moved into their new facility in Melbourne.  Their old office in Orlando will still remain, but most of the work will now take place in Melbourne.  In addition, their first fish holding facility (when it finally happens), will be on the Melbourne property.  So on Friday, I made the long trek over there to see the place, get keys, get the security code, find my desk etc.  I knew it was a long drive, but it turns out it was even longer than I was expecting.  It was about a 3 hour drive and that was because I was fortunate to not run into any traffic.  So I really don’t want to make going out there a routine thing unless I have a great need to go out there.  The new offices are quite nice though.  The office was built within an already existing vacation home on the Indian River Lagoon.  So the whole thing looks and is structured as a home.  There is a nice kitchen and upstairs the offices are set within the various bedrooms.  The lab is in a separate garage structure.  There is also a “visiting scientist” bedroom set up so that if I DO need to go out, I can spend the night there.  From my office, I’ve got a beautiful view of the Indian River Lagoon.  According to the other scientists there, they see dolphins, manatees, aquatic birds etc. all the time.  There is a boat dock on the property as well.  It would certainly be a nice place to work if it wasn’t so gosh darn far.  I think Hubbs hopes that by going out there, I will be convinced to move.  Well, I wasn’t.  Melbourne wasn’t that exciting of a city and I LOVE being in St. Petersburg.  It’ll be interesting to see how well this arrangement will work.

 

This week is a significant milestone for Bill and me.  On the 17th, we will celebrate our 15th wedding anniversary.  Since it’s on a Thursday, that kind of limits our celebratory plans, but I’m sure we’ll at least go out to dinner or something.  It’s hard to believe it’s already been 15 years.  Seems like in that amount of time, we’ve managed to move 15 times!  Not really, but we certainly haven’t been what you might call “stable”.  From Tulsa, to Stillwater, then back to Tulsa, then Gainesville, then Bradenton, then St. Petersburg, then Escondido, and now back to St. Petersburg!  No wonder we’ve got the whole moving thing down to a science!

 

In animal news, I recently took my cat to a clinic I was working at so I could do some bloodwork on him.  He’s become increasingly annoying lately.  He’ll meowll for no obvious reason.  And of course, he selects two in the morning as a favorite time.  We’ll check if he has food and water etc and everything seems fine.  But he’s getting really annoying.  So thinking that he may have a thyroid issue, I did a full bloodwork panel on him.  This cat, Chaplin, was adopted by Bill PRIOR to our getting married.  So he’s at least 16 years old.  And of course, his bloodwork was PRISTINE.  Not a damn thing wrong with him!  I know he’s got a heart murmur though so my next step will be to have him evaluated by a cardiologist.  Perhaps he’s feeling weird heart flutters or something.  He’s not the nicest cat in the world which is why we are convinced he’ll live to be 25.

 

And finally, I wanted to make a few comments about more politics stuff.  So skip this paragraph if you don’t want to go there.  I have been carefully watching (as I do a lot) the amount of coverage that certain news stories get on various websites.  There is absolutely a clear difference. So like I’ve said before, if you are left-leaning (and I know many of you are) and avoid FoxNews like the plague, you are missing many news stories that appear to be fairly significant.  For example, when VanJones resigned as the green jobs czar on Sunday night, the news story was only on FoxNews and MSNBC.  It was nowhere to be found on CNN.  The FoxNews story seemed to state facts somewhat, but the MSNBC story made me laugh.  It mentioned that he had resigned but didn’t really state why he might do so (other than a mention of him calling Republicans ***holes).  In addition, it quoted him as stating that it was a smear campaign by the right that caused him to resign.  There was no mention of him being a self-admitted communist, or of his bizarre quotes claiming that the whites were funneling poison into the black communities.  Plus, I have yet to hear anyone explain exactly what “smears” were untrue.  But even more amazing, is what has occurred with the ongoing ACORN story.  If you haven’t heard, two independent filmmakers have gone into numerous ACORN offices and found that the employees are advising them on ways to cheat on taxes and who look the other way when the filmmakers state that they will have underage prostitutes at their house.  This didn’t happen at just one office, or two, or even three.  So far, four incidents have been shown on video.  More may be coming, I don’t know.  ACORN was receiving 20 BILLION dollars worth of tax money.  As a result of these discoveries, the Census bureau has pulled out of working with them and the senate just passed a bill that would cease giving them money for housing.  Yet despite these amazing discoveries and big changes, I still haven’t seen a single story on it on the CNN website.  It’s only on Foxnews and MSNBC.  When a hugely funded government organization is shown time and time again having widespread corruption, it seems to me that this is important news.  So for all of you democrats, I’m certainly not asking you to change your views on anything.  But at least realize that there is something very stinky going on in the government in general if we continue funding such a corrupt organization.  Regardless of who is in charge, I think most people would agree this warrants a closer look.  If you disagree, I would welcome an email!

 

Well that about does it for me.  I hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  Hope you all enjoyed your Labor Day weekend!  For those of you in Brazil, I hope you had a happy Independence Day!
 

Well it’s been another busy week for the Keller clan.  Emily continues to impress her English teachers with her writing skills.  She had to post a blog about a book they had to read over the summer.  Out of her class of seventy-something, she was one of five kids who got 100%.  And in fact, the teacher used her blog response as an example to the rest of the classes to show what a good response entails.  I don’t need to remind you that Emily continues to resist enjoying reading despite the fact that she’s so good at it.  I must say, however, that she’s managed to complain less now than before.  Fortunately, both of the books she had to read over the summer were fairly interesting so she didn’t mind reading them as much as she normally does. 

 

Last week was the first week Emily had to go to the high school football game as part of the pep band.  Emily wasn’t too pleased about it because it was the same day as her Girl Scout meeting.  So after school, she had her Girl Scout meeting until 5:30, then we took her for a quick dinner.  Then she had to be at the school by 7:15 and the game didn’t end till around 9:30.  So it was a long day for her.  Plus, her best friend (and fellow flute player) wasn’t in attendance so she was a bit bummed out.  As for the game itself, her school lost by quite a bit.  Ah well…..

 

This weekend, we introduced Emily to an experience that I didn’t think we’d ever be able to do.  We went to a drive-in movie!  On Saturday, we were looking for something to do.  I considered going to the movies, but there really wasn’t anything out that we wanted to see.  We had never seen the Pixar movie Up! when it was out so I did a search to see if there were any theaters in the area that were playing it.  Much to my surprise, I discovered that there was a drive-in theater (which I didn’t know existed) relatively nearby that was playing a double feature.  The first movie was G-Force which was about secret agent guinea pigs.  The second movie was Up!  So we decided we would check it out.  We grabbed some blankets and pillows and headed on down.  It was about a 40 minute drive there but that’s because it’s on the other side of Tampa Bay and there’s no bridge to go straight there so we had to drive around.  Once we got there, Bill positioned the car so that we could pile in the back and watch the movie that way.  Unfortunately, we weren’t really thinking and just in the few minutes while trying to get everything set up, we were getting eaten alive by mosquitoes.  We soon realized we would have to turn the car facing front and just stay inside with the AC on every so often in order to prevent getting exsanguinated.  I didn’t realize that drive-in technology has improved so that now you don’t need to place the speaker things within your car.  The sound is broadcast over a specific radio frequency.  So that was cool.  G-Force was actually a lot funnier than I was expecting.  Definitely worth renting if you have kids and haven’t seen it.  And Up!, as expected, was fantastic.  Bill said it ranks up there as one of his most favorite Pixar movies.  In the end, we all ended up with some significant mosquito bites (even with the short exposure time) but it was a good time had by all!

 

And I have good news to report on the California deposit.  After much debate, the lawyers finally decided that we WERE entitled to our money back from our California house.  Bill says he hates bankruptcy filers a little less now.  My position hasn’t changed.  I’m just glad we didn’t end up majorly hosed on this deal.  Thankfully, I think our dealings with any California company or agency have now ceased.  We can now just deal with Floridians again.  Woohoo!

 

Over this last week, I read a fantastic book that I wanted to recommend to you all.  It’s called “Outliers: The Story of Success” by Malcolm Gladwell.  If you don’t want to buy it (I didn’t), you can probably find it at the library (I did).  It basically shows how successful people are not necessarily the smartest or the most talented.  Success comes from a combination of factors including your upbringing, your drive, partly luck, and most importantly your hard work.  For example, one particularly interesting finding in the book was a study performed at a music school.  The teachers were asked to rank their music students into 3 groups.  The first group consisted of the top musicians with great skill and the potential to become professional musicians.  The second group consisted of musicians that were moderately good players.  The third group consisted of students that were OK and may have a career as a music teacher but not much more than that.  Then all the students of all groups were asked how much they practiced a week.  All students started music at around the same time.  However, the first group of students showed a sharp increase in the amount of time they spent practicing per week after the first couple years of playing.  Their practice increased to the point where they spent a significant amount of time per week practicing.  The second group spent a lot of time practicing, but not nearly as much as the first.  And the third group spent the least amount of time practicing.  So what does this mean?  Basically it means that there were no “natural talents”.  If kids were good musicians, it was because they practiced a lot.  Conversely, there were no “natural non-talents”.  If kids practiced a lot, they were good musicians.  I thought that was a really interesting finding and demonstrated that hard work is really the key to success.  Other factors may be necessary in some cases, but without the hard work, you have nothing.  Anyhow, I strongly recommend this book.  Bill read it too and had slightly mixed feelings about it but overall thought it was good. 

 

Well that does it for me.  We continue to monitor the storms in the Atlantic but so far, this has been a really nice and quite hurricane season.  Here’s hoping that continues.  Have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Greetings to you all!  Hope you enjoyed August!

 

Here in the Keller house, we are getting back in the school routine.  Emily is in band again this year (she plays flute), and her band practices before school, so we’ve had to get her to school by 7:30 am.  She wasn’t too keen on that but is glad to be back at a school with a band.  Her school last year, since it was still growing, didn’t have a music program.  Also, because the 8th graders are included in the high school band, she will also have to start going to the football games to play in the pep band.  I told Emily that she really needs to start learning the rules of football so that she at least understands when and when not to cheer for their school.

In addition to band keeping her busy, her school is also requiring all 8th graders to take on a personal project.  This can be anything they are interested in.  They work on the project all year and then it culminates in a presentation in the spring.  Emily has decided to do a project on plants.  Basically she’s going to catalogue all the plants on her school campus, take photos, gather information, and then make identification keys for the various plants, flowers, etc.  She may even determine what plants are preferred by butterflies, caterpillars, etc.  Then she will incorporate all this into a book that other students can use.  She has to flesh out the project this week and get teacher approval.  If she works it right, it could be a very fun project for her to work on.    In addition, she has to work on a history project for the history fair and a science project.  Despite not doing much extracurricular stuff this year, it is proving to be quite a busy year for her already!

 

As for me, work is going well.  The new Florida branch is scheduled to finally be operational sometime this month.  Once that happens, I may have more reason to take trips out there.  I hope it’s not too often though because it’s completely on the other coast and it’s about a 2 ½ hour drive.  I’d like to limit that as much as possible.  But I’ll definitely be involved in the continuing construction for the fish that we’ll eventually be housing.

 

This weekend, Emily developed a bit of a cough.  Then on Monday morning, we discovered that she was running a fever.  Her school was very clear about NOT sending sick kids to school because of all of the concern about H1N1.  She stayed home on Monday and Tuesday.  On Tuesday, we took her to the doctor where she was diagnosed with bronchitis.  Fortunately, she was given the OK to go back to school.  In talking with her school’s assistant director, I mentioned that Emily had bronchitis.  He said he was finding parent’s viewpoints kind of funny this year.  Parents are calling in to the school saying “So and so won’t be in class to day BUT DON’T WORRY it’s JUST strep throat…or it’s JUST bronchitis”.  The H1N1 disease can be bad so I can’t blame parents and school officials for being worried.  Emily keeps getting upset that everyone is freaking out about it too much.  I tend to agree but remind her that while she may not necessarily DIE if she were to contract it, she could pass it along to someone at higher risk, such as another student who happens to have a pregnant mother.  In fact, there was a story here in St. Pete about a pregnant mother who got H1N1.  It hits pregnant mothers badly.  They successfully delivered the baby but the mother has been on life support for two weeks in a medically induced coma.  So there is reason to be concerned. 

 

Before I go, I simply must make a few comments about the political state.  As you know from my previous rants, I am not a big fan of this administration.  Nor was I a big fan of the last one.  But what is going on in this one is quite frankly, frightening.  For example, take this quote taken from the 2006 book Prologue to a Farce:

 

 “It should be clear by now that my focus here is not freedom of speech or the press.  This freedom is all too often an exaggeration. At the very least, blind references to freedom of speech or the press serve as a distraction from the critical examination of other communications policies. … “[T]he purpose of free speech is warped to protect global corporations and block rules that would promote democratic governance.”

 

That was a quote from the book written by the new FCC (Federal Communication Commission) Diversity Czar.  In this same book, he proposes forcing stations to pay licensing fees equivalent to their yearly operating costs (which would be a nearly 100% tax).  Those fees should then be given to public broadcasting stations to encourage “more diverse” programming.  The reasoning for this is essentially because roughly 90% of talk radio programming is labeled “conservative” while only ~10% is labeled “liberal” which, in his opinion, is not fair nor diverse.   As I see it, if a free market system determines that most talk radio listeners want to listen to conservative shows, then so be it.  If radio stations could make more money by having liberal shows, you’d better believe they’d have them.  But clearly, the market, for whatever reason, is not there.  This diversity czar, who is now in charge of the FCC, may very well try and force the issue by forcing stations to pay 100% tax which will undoubtedly put most out of business!  I know there are democrats, republicans, and libertarians who get this non-blog every week.  These types of issues transcend politics.  Taking away freedom of speech and taxing private business to the point of bankruptcy because you don’t like their message is not a political issue, it is an AMERICAN ISSUE period.  And a big one at that.  I hope all of you are paying attention to what is truly going on and are writing/calling/emailing your representatives.  I, for one, plan to try and vote every last one of them out of office.  Enough is enough.  I was never in favor of term limits because I felt term limits were already written into the system by the people having the option to kick people out.  Unfortunately, the majority of people seem to be asleep and continue to vote the same losers back in.  That’s enough of my ranting for today. 

 

As for the rest of the week, we’ll be keeping an eye on the tropics.  There’s a new tropical storm in the Atlantic that has a remote possibility of affecting Florida, but it’s still a ways away.  In the mean time, I hope you all have a great week and enjoy your Labor Day weekend!  I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope you had a great week!

 

I realized last week after sending out my email that I had failed to mention Emily’s braces.  She had braces put on a few weeks ago and was very excited about it.  It took several hours but Emily was a trooper.  Once they were on, she seemed a bit surprised that they didn’t really hurt.  The dental assistant gave me a concerned look at which point I assured Emily that the pain WILL come, just in a few hours or so.  The orthodontist recommended an early dinner so Bill got started making his world famous gumbo (DELICIOUS!)   Unfortunately, the pain arrived slightly before dinner, making eating quite a challenge for poor Emily.  She could eat the rice and the sauce fine, but couldn’t really chew anything large.  In fact, for the next several days, she did nothing but eat rice with various types of sauces in it.  Through the ordeal though, she gained a great appreciation for the drug ibuprofen.  I’m happy to report though, that Emily has now completely adjusted to life with braces.  She’ll have them on for about a year and a half.

 

In other Emily news, she started school last Wednesday.  We got word earlier in the week that her Algebra placement test, while fair, was not solid.  For that reason, the teachers recommended that she be placed in honors Algebra instead of moving on to Geometry.  We were all fine with that recommendation.  I’m just glad they take the time to look at the individual student rather than jamming them in whatever class is convenient.  Anyhow, Emily said her first few days went well.  She seems really excited about her Oceanography class this year (How come I never got to take cool classes like Oceanography!)   She says that all her teachers seem really nice and everything is looking good.  And yes, it was Emily that said these things.  Please reattach your bottom jaw to your head.  One thing Emily did find odd was that the boys (who in 6th grade never made an effort to talk to her) are now trying to talk to her a lot.  I explained to her that there is just one reason for that.  It starts with T and rhymes with flestosterone.

 

As for me, I made my voyage back to California on Monday.  That was a long day.  I had to get up at 4:30am in order to get ready and to the airport on time.  Because of the gain of 3 hours, I ended up arriving there shortly before noon.  After getting my things settled, I immediately headed up to the hatchery in Carlsbad and got everything ready for the massive sampling to be done the following day.  Everyone seemed very glad to see me (and I was glad to catch up with everyone).  It was kind of hard though because I had a LOT to do and everyone kept talking to me.  Luckily, I was able to get everything ready and prepared in a reasonable amount of time.  That evening, I had to FIGHT to even stay awake past 7pm (10 pm my time).  I ended up waking up at 530am which wasn’t bad in my book since I was worried I’d wake up a 3ish (6ish Florida time). 

 

The day of sampling was really tough.  I had a LOT of fish to go through in a short amount of time.  And all the samples had to be done and prepared and shipped on that same day.  I got started shortly after 8 and worked straight until about 430 pm.  The hatchery staff was nice and brought me some lunch which I scarfed down quickly so I could get back to work.  After packing everything up I had to drive to the FedEx place to make their 5:30 cutoff.  Fortunately, I made it but I was SO tired.  The next day, I had to do health checks on all the fish at the hatchery.  That took me most of the morning.  After that, it was down to the Mission Bay facility in San Diego to do health checks on all those fish.  That took me the rest of the day.  By the end of that day, I was really tired of dealing with so many dead fish!

 

Thursday was a bit lower key.  I had to pack up all the samples I’d collected from my health checks the previous day, and send them off to the lab.  I also had to do a few larger fish checks.  Then in the afternoon, I finished up some paperwork and had a few meetings.  It turns out my objections to the position that they stuffed me in were listened to and corrected.  They basically have kept me in the position I didn’t want, but changed the job description to make it something that I would actually want to do.  So I’m fine with that.  As the needs for me to travel to the east coast of Florida increase, things may change, but for now, I think the arrangement is quite workable.  Everyone kept asking me how often I’d be visiting California.  As of right now, there are no plans for me to go back.  I know it was quite expensive to bring me in because I saw the hotel bill not to mention the flight.  So I don’t know how often they want to do that.  Only time will tell.

 

Needless to say, I was really glad to come back home.  While San Diego is pretty, I was wearing pants and fleece in the evening and had the heater on in my hotel room.  I also didn’t miss the highway traffic or the $3.39/gallon gasoline.  And because of the time difference, I couldn’t even stay up late enough to see my favorite San Diego weather guy (he makes me happy!).  I’ve spent the last few days trying to catch up on my sleep.  And in animal news, I’m happy to report that Foofer’s bum has healed up well.  I’m sure you’ve all been DYING to know that. 

 

In other assorted news, you may recall long ago that I mentioned that I had “applied” to be a volunteer veterinarian in the case of an emergency.  The process ended up being WAY longer and WAY more involved than I had ever imagined and included having several of you get scary letters from the federal government demanding that you validate my existence.  Well, after going through the whole thing, I have finally been accepted into the program although (not surprisingly) there still remains some paperwork to be done.  So thank you to all of you for doing that.  Just so you all know, I initiated this process in November of last year.  THIS is how fast the federal government works.  Woe to any of you who wish for government run health care!  But anyhow, once I’m in the program, I’ll learn more.  The volunteers are only mobilized every so often (last time was Hurricanes Rita and Katrina), so it won’t be a big part of my day to day routine.

 

Well that about does it for me.  I hope you all have a great week!  I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello everyone!  Hope you all had a great week!

 

This week was the final showdown to the start of school for Emily next week.  Her schoolbooks arrived and she’s got everything packed up and ready in her room.  Tomorrow (Monday), her school has what’s called “locker day”.  The kids bring all their books and school supplies (since it’s a lot) and get everything settled and ready in their lockers.  That way they don’t have to do all that dragging on the first day of school (which is Wednesday).  Her school has built a new 7th and 8th grade building, so Emily will be using the new building and their new full length lockers.  The official ribbon cutting ceremony for the new building will also be on Monday, right before the locker festivities start.  I usually take Emily to the locker day, but since I will be on a plane to California tomorrow, Bill is the lucky guy.

 

On Thursday, her school had an orientation for the parents.  It was Bill’s and my first opportunity to see the new building.  The meeting went over basic info as well as new changes for the year.  I’m glad we went as there was some new information worth knowing.  For the first time ever, her school will be having a school wide musical.  They traditionally put on a musical but it’s in the spring and it’s just for the high school students.  But since they will be doing “Oliver!” they need middle and elementary students as well.  That is the big new thing this year.  Although Emily was in the musical last year, she says she has no interest in being in it again.  I think she’s burned out from having had so many things to do last year.  Plus she still states that she hates singing.  Another big new thing is that they will have the 8th graders select an individual project that they will work on all year.  It’s still pretty nebulous what that means, but they can select anything they’re interested in.  It sounds promising.

 

This week, we also got more information concerning Emily’s math placement.  To make sure that she’s ready for Geometry, they asked that Emily take a skills test in Algebra.  That was a perfectly reasonable request and she did so on Friday.  In order to refresh her memory, we rented a couple DVDs from the library.  They were hilarious!  If any of you out there need to either refresh your math memory, or help your kids with any skills, I strongly recommend the math videos made by the “Standard Deviants” from the Cerebellum Company.  They were interesting, quirky, yet effective.  Even I enjoyed watching them with Emily.  Anyhow, she took her placement exam on Friday.  We haven’t heard any results yet but time will tell.  At the very least, she’ll get stuck in honors Algebra, so I guess it’s not a bad default.

 

As I mentioned last week, tomorrow, I’m off to California.  I’ll leave early on Monday and arrive before noon.  Because I’m gaining three hours, it makes it seem like a short flight.  I’ll have time on Monday to do preparation for major fish sampling on Tuesday.  Wednesday and Thursday I’ll spend doing any necessary health checks and having meetings.  Then I’ll fly back home on Friday.  Everyone says they’re excited to see me again.  I guess they forgot about my personality.  They’ll soon remember and be aching for me to leave again.  I reminded everyone that I like glazed donuts.  I hope they got the hint.

 

In hurricane season news, it only took me mentioning that it was a slow season for there to suddenly be 3! systems in the area.  For you math nerds, that exclamation point stands for 3 (oh my gosh!) rather than 3 factorial meaning 6 storms total (are you reading this Bill?).  Tropical storms Anna and Bill are in the Atlantic and may affect Florida or may not.  They’re still too far away to tell, but I certainly hope they don’t affect my flight home.  Then overnight, a tropical storm Claudette suddenly blossomed 90 miles off our gulf coast.  Fortunately (for us), its headed to the panhandle of Florida.  Looks like the season is upon us at last.  Goody.

 

In animal news, it turns out my dog Foofer has an anal gland infection.  Like Bill said, “the barber’s kids have long hair”.  It took me several days to realize that she was telling me she had an issue.  I felt so bad once I realized she’s been trying to tell me for several days that her butt hurt.  For those of you that aren’t up to speed on dog rear anatomy, they have what are referred to as anal glands near the rectum.  They are actually supposed to be called anal sacs but anytime you start talking about that around clients, it’s really easy to get things misinterpreted (I won’t explain).  Anyhow, Foofer’s anal glands have become infected so I had to start her on some meds and give her bum some warm compresses.  She’s improved over the last few days which is good since I’ll be gone and Bill will have to do the TLC.  I know he can handle giving her meds but I was pretty sure he wasn’t interested in giving her bum rubs.  Thankfully, I think the need for that has passed!  He's even upset that I would give so much room in an email for this topic.  Clearly, he forgot who he married (lucky him!)

 

Well that’s about it for me.  Time for me to get packed and ready to go back to the land of taxes, taxes, avocados, liberals, and taxes.  I hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch!

Hello again everyone!  I hope everyone had a great week!

 

As it is for most of you, summer is winding down.  For you Brazilians I hope you have a great Father’s Day and keep warm!  Even though it’s still hot outside, schools are starting soon which always signifies the traditional end of summer.  This week, I spent a lot of time (and money) getting Emily geared up for school.  Her books are ordered, her school supplies are purchased, and her school clothes are on their way.  This is her last completely free week.  Bill and I have a parent orientation on Thursday evening.  Her school always has an orientation for parents to go over any new information, refresh us on the old information etc.  This year, the 7th and 8th graders have a brand new building so it’s kind of an exciting time.  Since we’ve been gone for a year, we haven’t seen ANY of the destruction or construction so the place will be a surprise for us.  Emily officially starts school in a week and a half on Wednesday the 19th. 

 

As for me, work continues without interruption.  I will almost definitely be going out to California next week (meaning I’ll miss Emily’s first week of school).  But being that she’s in 8th grade, that’s not as big a deal as it used to be.  I will probably be in California all of next week.  They are rapidly moving forward on a project to grow out fish in Mexican waters again.  There are a lot of sampling requirements in order to move fish internationally, so I’ll be there in person to manage the whole thing and get everything done.  In addition, I’ll take a look at any other problems/issues they have.  I’m sure I’ll also get dragged into a lot of meetings too.  It’s now been two months since I left, so it will be good to see everyone again.

 

In non-school related Emily news, she is hitting a milestone this week.  Today (Monday) she will be getting braces put on.  She’s quite excited about it.  I think the excitement will wane tonight once she’s got them on and is very sore.  But it’s for the best.  I’ve had to go through the whole braces thing too, so I know how she’ll feel.  We wanted to make sure to get them on before school started.  We made it just in time!  She originally was talking about getting colored braces (they make them in all sorts of colors now).  But after playing around with a website that allows you to design what you want; she decided that plain metal is fine.  The biggest change that the braces will cause is that she won’t be able to eat some of the things she really enjoys.  One example is Skittles.  She can’t have any chewy or very hard candy.  So those of you out there who enjoy sending my child candy (and yes I’m pointing at her grandmothers), please keep her braces in mind when sending future treats. 

 

You may recall that I recounted our frustration with trying to get our deposit back from the house we rented in California.  Well, after talking with a bunch of lawyers this week, things aren’t looking good.  The property management company has been told not to release the funds due to the bankruptcy issue.  So they recommended we talk to lawyers, which I did.  Most of them didn’t seem too hopeful but felt that because our lease was with the property management company, and not the owner, we should go after the company.  So I’ve drafted up a letter which we’ll be sending out this week.  After dealing with this whole thing, Bill and I have agreed that we have very little respect now for anyone that files for bankruptcy.  Sure it might make them feel better, but it screws over a lot of innocent people/companies in the process.  We are definitely feeling the sting of that.

 

This week, we had some pretty strong thunderstorms roll through.  One of them knocked out our power due to lightning strikes.  That wasn’t really that unusual.  But only after losing power did we realize we were woefully unprepared for a power outage.  I have a good supply of candles, flashlights, and two oil lamps.  I also have several emergency lights in the house.  Those are lights that stay plugged in to the wall but only come on when they don’t sense power.  Well once the power went out, I got the flashlights fine.  But I hadn’t set the emergency lights correctly so they didn’t come on automatically.  Then when trying to find something to light up our oil lamps with, we discovered that we only had one lighter, and it was sitting outside next to the grill in the pouring rain.  Bill brought it inside but it wouldn’t light up because it was wet.  And despite the fact that I KNOW I have a box of matches somewhere, I couldn’t find it.  So it was a valuable lesson.  Since then, we bought a generous supply of matches that are sitting next to the oil lamps.  And the emergency lights are now set properly.  Fortunately, this hurricane season has been amazingly slow.  In fact, there hasn’t even been a single named storm yet this year and the season started way back on June 1!  Only 18% of seasons have gone this long without a named storm and they have records dating back to 1858.  So that’s great news for us and very fortunate since we realized we were totally unprepared to begin with.

 

One totally not fun thing we finally got around to doing this week was getting our licenses and tags changed to Florida.  We should have done this awhile ago but kept putting it off.  Fortunately though, it turns out it was easier than we had predicted.  Because we previously had Florida driver’s licenses, all the guy had to do was essentially reprint them with new pictures.  My car tag was a different story.  Bill had no problem with his, but when I looked for my title (prior to going to the DMV), I could only find a Florida title which was weird since I had gotten California tags.  The DMV guy was really nice and spent a lot of time trying to figure out what was going on.  In the end, he determined that California never actually issued me a title so they essentially renewed my Florida title once again.  We spent several hours at the DMV but the majority of the time was spent trying to figure that out.  All in all, it wasn’t a bad experience.  The lines were nearly non-existent and the people were actually nice.  So if any of you want a good DMV experience, you’re going to have to move near us.

 

In other news, completely unrelated to anything, is that we’ve recently been really enjoying a news show that comes on Foxnews.  I stumbled onto the show in California late one night.  Otherwise I never would have found it because it comes on at 3 am Eastern time.  It’s called “Red Eye” and it’s hilarious.  Even Emily, who gets bored with the news, watches it.  It’s wacky, quirky, yet still manages to discuss news items.  I highly recommend it but obviously, I’d recommend setting it on your DVR rather than trying to stay up for it.  We have it scheduled to get recorded every night.  Highly recommended and don’t let the Foxnews scare you (if you lean to the left).  It’s funny regardless of your political leanings.

 

Well that’s about it for me.  I hope you all enjoy your week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello everyone!  Welcome to August!  I hope you all had a great week.

For us, things are finally settling down to normal.  I’m still working for Hubbs during the week and then taking on occasional veterinary shifts at local small animal hospitals.  As for Hubbs, I’m not sure what the future holds but I’ll still be with them through August.  Many of the folks are coming down to Florida at the end of August for planning meetings on our Florida expansion, so I’ll be meeting with them when they come down.  But even prior to that, it turns out they need my help in California.  So I’ll be flying out there either in the next few weeks to coordinate some major fish sampling.  So who knows what the future holds.

Emily is dutifully reading her assigned books for the summer.  Her school has required summer reading and then they discuss the books once they start in the fall.  She had to read “The Book Thief” and is now reading “The Alchemist: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicolas Flamel”.  Much to our surprise, she actually seems to like the second book.  She said the first book was good but disturbing and so she wanted to read it but didn’t.  It’s hard to believe that school will be starting up again in a matter of weeks!

As I mentioned, Bill was gone most of last week teaching a class in Gainesville.  Fortunately, I did not experience any large bug issues.  But once Bill got back he opened the back door and said a huge bug flew in and flew directly into our room.  Fortunately, it was just a large katydid which he kindly returned to the wild.  I would’ve done the same but it still would’ve freaked me out a bit.  We keep having these little baby gecko lizard things getting into the front room of the house.  I don’t know if some hatched near the door or what.  But it freaks me out every time because all I see is some black things skittering on the floor.  Once I see what they are I try to let them out, but it’s hard because they’re so small it’s hard to hold onto them.

On Friday, we decided to go to a local preserve and hike around.  It’s called the Weedon Island Preserve and is located right on the coast of Tampa Bay.  It rained around midday which helped cool it down some, but it was still quite muggy.  I had printed out some good trail recommendations, but we started in the wrong place so didn’t quite see everything we had planned on seeing.  But it was an interesting walk.  There were a few trails on land but the majority of the trails were elevated walkways over the mangroves.  The grounds were just covered with crabs.  During our walk, we came across a raccoon that appeared to be busily munching on crabs.  That was verified by finding numerous dried up raccoon poo piles that contained tons of poor little crab claws.  The weather was weird because it was almost raining the whole time.  Drops kept falling but it wasn’t enough to actually get any of us wet but certainly kept the humidity level high.  The coolest part of the trails was a tower that was a couple stories high and gave a great view of Tampa and St. Pete.  It was a rather enjoyable few hours.

One of the things I took along for the hike was my Birds of Florida book.  Ever since I worked rehabbing wild birds, I have enjoyed learning about and identifying birds.  I decided I would make my identifications official by writing them down in my book.  So once I saw a bird, I would identify it and then have Emily confirm my identification (she’s good at identifying birds too).  I kept calling her my “bird buddy” but for some reason she hated that name.  I came up with Assistant Bird Expert which she liked much better but wasn’t too keen on me shortening it to just calling her ABE.  Bill came up with Diminutive Ornithological Research Kid.  Emily didn’t find that one funny at all.   All in all, I didn’t see THAT many birds that day but I will continue to take my book out on future expeditions.

In Emily news, I have been in contact with her school about my concerns with her classes.  I feel a whole lot better about the situation now.  The middle division head has made a few recommendations.   Emily can either take Algebra again (but be placed in Honors Algebra) or she can take Geometry online.  The option for taking it in the high school is not good because the schedules of the two schools are very different making scheduling a nightmare.  The online option would give her an hour to work alone and then if she had problems or questions, she could utilize tutors or teachers after school.  I’ve talked with Emily about it and she prefers the online option so that she can continue on with geometry (which she’s been looking forward to).  In regards to English, he felt that discussing books again wouldn’t be so bad, especially since they do projects around the books (such as a mock trial for Romeo and Juliet) and that would make her a hot commodity seeing that she’s already discussed the book at length.  I think that’ll be fine.  So I think things will work out well. 

In other news, I have finally gotten online on Facebook.  I’ve been resisting it for a long time because I don’t like putting a whole lot of stuff online.  But there were a few websites I wanted to visit (of organizations) that I couldn’t because I wasn’t registered.  So I registered but refused to use my name.  I originally tried to be Jane Doe, but the site was too smart and wouldn’t let me call myself that.  So I went with Jane D and once again, it said no.  So then I put in Jane Dingbat and it was finally happy.  So I was Jane Dingbat for awhile but never checked it or did anything with it.  I learned from Bill, that Facebook can look at someone’s contact list and if someone else registers with that email, they’ll recommend that you “friend” them.  So a few days later, Facebook was recommending that he become friends with Jane Dingbat, which I thought was immensely funny.  Because of that, I logged back in.  Much to my surprise, Facebook was recommending people to me that I actually knew but hadn’t talked to in years.  So despite my misgivings, I changed my name to my ACTUAL name and have reconnected with some people.  I won’t be putting my life online, but at least I’ll be out there.

Well that’s about it for me.  Hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope you had a great week! 

Our week was fairly boring once my sister left.  They left Wednesday afternoon and arrived back in Joplin, MO in the wee hours of the morning.  It was really nice to see them all and have some fun in the Florida sun.  However, I told my sister that they should now try and visit us in the wintertime.  A trip to the everglades and/or swimming with the manatees is not really feasible or desirable during the summer months.  I doubt they’ll be able to return soon though.  Perhaps we’ll have to figure out a way to go up and visit them some time.  Sarah mentioned that she lost weight while staying with us and says we should market the "Keller diet".  So for any of you looking to lose a few pounds, feel free to stop on by.  The combination of Bill's nutritious yet delicious meals along with all day walks in various theme parks will assure that we get you all slimmed up in no time! 

Now that the family has left, it is back to trying to the get the house more in order.  For instance, we have a leak under the door in the back of the house.  When it rains, water seeps in.  We’ve had a handygirl out three times now and she’s certainly improved it, but it still continues.  She says she may need to completely reinstall the door because she thinks it wasn’t installed properly to begin with.  So that stinks.  There’s no point in us getting new carpet in the back until we get that problem resolved so we’ll have to make do with the floor the way it is for now.  

This week, Bill will be in Gainesville until Friday.  Gainesville is about 2 hours north of us.  He’s training the staff at the company he contracts for.  Rather than drive back and forth every day, he’ll just be staying up there.  So that leaves Emily and me home alone for a week.  Despite the fact that this means we’ll have to figure out our own meals and be without his company, that isn’t my biggest worry. My biggest worry is that some giant flying roach (common in these parts) will find its way into the house and I will be helpless to do anything.  Here’s hoping that that won’t happen.  I readily admit I have an irrational phobia but there’s nothing I can do about it. Bill says an "irrational phobia" is redundant.  I say that it's especially irrational so needs to be stated as such.

In work news, I don’t know how much longer I’ll still be working for Hubbs.  Although my setup was just through July, they have told me they want to extend it indefinitely.  The only problem with that is that they want to do that by making me take a position I have already said no to about 8 million times (give or take 7.99 million).  So I’ve made my position very clear to them that while I would very much like to stay, I am not interested in the position that they have available.  Due to funding, I know that that is really all they have and can’t say that I blame them for trying to keep me in whatever fashion possible.  It is flattering but I don’t want to end up 6 months down the line stuck doing a bunch of stuff I have never wanted to do.  I haven’t heard anything from them as a response so I think they are reassessing everything.  We’ll see where it goes.  It doesn’t look promising though. 

In other upsetting news, as you are all probably aware, we were renting our house in California.  Since leaving, we have been waiting for our deposit to be returned.  Finally, after waiting long enough, Bill gave the property management company a call.  Turns out the owner of the California house has filed for bankruptcy.  Because of that, the lawyer had sent a letter to the property management company stating that no deposits were to be returned because all assets were frozen.  The property management agent was very apologetic and said she couldn’t see how this was possible since the funds were held in a separate escrow account and were never the property of the owner to begin with.  Nevertheless, she couldn’t proceed forward until she had investigated the problem further.  So that really stinks. Not only did we lose our money from this house, but we may lose the money that we deposited for the California house as well.  We’ll see what happens but this really stinks. 

In Emily news, I got the book list for book for the upcoming school year.  Turns out we may have a problem.  In English they will be reading Romeo and Juliet as well as To Kill a Mockingbird.  Problem is that those are the exact same books that she read last year.  In addition, they place all 8th graders in Algebra, a class which she just completed.  For those of you with significant memories, you may recall that Emily wasn’t too happy with being placed in pre-algebra last year.  After being tested, she was upgraded to a full Algebra class.  So I think she “kind of” skipped a whole year of math but she still handled her Algebra class with flying colors.  So I will have to call her school and see what can be done about that.  I don’t want her to be super bored in several of her classes.  It’s not like she’s the most enthusiastic student anyhow!  Ironically enough, almost the exact same thing happened to Bill.  When he moved from California to Idaho, he was placed in a "repeat class" just like Emily might be.  That led to utter boredom and resulted in a mathematics meltdown that lasted through high school.  I'm hoping to avoid that.

In miscellaneous news, I wanted to say that I greatly appreciated all your kind words that many of you sent following my announcement that we had put Nina down.  I was a little too upset to respond to any of you but I appreciated all your kind words.  She continues to be dearly missed. 

Well that about wraps it up for me.  I continue to enjoy getting your emails and updates.  Keep it up!  I hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope you all had a great week. 

This week has been a busy week for us.  As I mentioned previously, my sister is visiting with her 3 kids.  So most every day, we’ve done something.  The first day they were here, we went to my favorite beach.  The water was lovely and everyone really enjoyed themselves.  Chris is the youngest at 4, and he didn’t want to venture too far into the water.  So he spent most of the time playing in the sand.  Emily’s cousin’s are 11 (Hannah) and 14 (Erin) so they were all more than happy to venture out into the beautiful waters.  Everyone was so impressed with the beach that we went there again a little later in the week.

On Wednesday, we went to a local state park called Homosassa Springs.  They have a really nice wild animal park with manatees, birds, large cats, bears etc.  All of the animals are native to Florida so it’s a nice learning environment too.  Since this is all alongside a natural spring, the mosquitoes were on a rampage.  I learned that my sister Sarah has a particularly bad reaction to the mosquito bites and actually swells up where ever she gets bit.  So that part was a little frustrating for her.  But overall it was a nice trip and the kids got to see turtles, manatees and alligators in the wild.  One the way home from the state park, we saw the trail of the space shuttle as it lifted off.  That’s always a cool thing.

On Thursday, Sarah took her kids to Disney’s Magic Kingdom.  Both Emily and I opted to stay at home.  Emily has never been a big Disney fan and the thought of going in the middle of July just didn’t appeal to me whatsoever.  But they went and from the sounds of it, had a great time.  Although Chris is only 4, he had no problem riding the giant log flume ride.  Apparently, he did get a little scared on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride.  But he must have gotten over that because he came home wearing a Mickey Pirate hat and wielding a sword.  They got home very late that night (around 1 am), so the next day no one was too keen on getting up early.  We spent most of that day just lounging in the house.   We went to the beach that evening once again.

Sunday, we all headed to the east coast of Florida to visit the Kennedy Space Center.  We love going there because there are so many cool things to see.  It’s quite a learning experience.  They have an actual Saturn V rocket in one of the buildings and the size is simply amazing.  We saw a 3D IMAX movie about the moon landings and got to ask questions of a real shuttle astronaut.  Coincidentally, yesterday was the 40th anniversary of the Apollo 11 landing on the moon!  They have a new ride there called Shuttle experience which is meant to imitate the sensations of lifting off.  It was cool but I think the Disney Epcot ride “Mission to Mars” is WAY more intense. 

Yesterday we went to Busch Gardens.  Sarah has a high school friend of hers that works there and was kind enough to give Sarah some free and ½ price tickets for entry.  So we 6 (Bill couldn’t go) went for a tremendously reduced rate.  That was extremely nice of her friend to give us those discounted tickets.  Once inside the park we separated.   Sarah took Chris on the kiddy rides, while I went around the park with Emily, Hannah, and Erin.  We had a good time and the girls got to go on many cool rides.  Emily doesn’t like most roller coasters so I let Erin and Hannah get in line and Emily and I would either find another ride nearby, or just wait.  Fortunately, we managed to find the coasters when they had relatively short lines, so it wasn’t too long of a wait.  Erin and Hannah went on the coaster Sheikra which boasts 2 separate 90 degree drops.  They seemed to enjoy it.  In addition, we saw some really cool animal exhibits, went on an African safari, and enjoyed several smaller yet still moderately intense rides.  Overall it was a good day had by all.  Once the park closed, we met back up with Sarah near the front gate.  Chris had also had a good time.  Like me, Sarah didn’t get to ride any of the roller coasters either but they had fun looking at the animals and riding some of the tamer rides.  You can see pictures of all our adventures thus far here http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100183

Sadly, their visit is nearly over.  They will be leaving Wednesday afternoon.  I’m not sure what we’ll do the remainder of their time here, but we’ll figure it out.  It’s been good to see everybody since it’s been quite some time since we’ve seen each other.  And I know Emily has enjoyed having her cousins around.  One thing is for sure, the house will be a whole lot quieter when they are gone!

Well that’s about it for me.  I hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

Greetings to you all once again!  I hope you all enjoyed your weekend.

Pretty much like was mentioned in my last email, this weekend was spent continuing to unpack things and prepare for my sister’s visit.  I had to work at some local small animal clinics over the weekend, so much of the prepping was left to Bill and Emily.  The hardest part to deal with is our lack of furniture.  We have a small table that can accommodate our family of 3 just fine for meals.  But now that we will be 7, we were in a bit of a bind.  We have a large folding table that we will be using as makeshift dining room table.  It should work out fine.  If not, we’ll all eat on the floor!

My sister’s arrival was without incident and they arrived safe and sound late last night (almost 1 am).  We got them quickly situated and everyone went off to sleep (except for the girls who probably gabbed for hours).  Unfortunately, we had to be up early this morning because Emily had an orthodontist appointment.  She doesn’t have braces yet, but we are considering them.  She had to go in for a consultation.  Needless to say, I’m a bit tired today but I should be able to catch up on my sleep tonight.    The plan for today is to go to the beach a little later in the day.  My sister was ready to go at noon until I reminded her that actual Floridians never go to the beach in the middle of the day in the middle of July.  That’s just crazy.  So we’ll wait till the sun drops a bit.  I plan to take them to my favorite beach.  As for the rest of the time, I’m not sure what the plan is.  Sarah definitely wants to take the kids to the Magic Kingdom.  Other than that, she’s open to options.  So we’ll see what happens.

As for my job, I’m still with Hubbs and so far, it looks like I’ll continue to be with them unless I try to escape again.  They were trying to hire someone for Florida to do some epidemiology stuff (of which I have no interest in).  However, they decided they were going to NOT hire anyone so that they can use that money to keep me going.  But that means I’ll have to do some stuff I’m not too keen on.  I’m not sure how I feel about that.  Bill says I should be happy that they are doing whatever they have to do to keep me on.  I suppose he’s right.  And the one thing that I am very happy about is that the grant money they are using to keep me in Florida is NOT government grant money.  It is from a private corporation.  I don’t have NEARLY as big an ethical problem with that.  I’ll take it one week at a time I suppose. 

That’s about it for me.  Not too long an email but it hasn’t been that long since my last one because I was so late in writing it.  We’re hoping that the shuttle launch goes off tomorrow.  We’ll find a good place to watch it from.  Even though the shuttle launches on the other coast of Florida, as long as the sky is clear, we can see it even from here.  So if we drive over to the Orlando area, we might have a much better vantage point.  We’ll see what happens.  Anyhow, hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Greetings to you all!

 

Well at last, the grand move (part 2) is complete.  We unloaded the rest of the truck today and have moved all of our large furniture to the rooms where they need to be.  We will return the truck tomorrow.  It has been a very long journey which, for the most part, went quite smoothly.  Our truck didn’t break down, no tires went flat, and the animals were pretty good travelers.  I am glad to have this behind us.  Now the grand job of unpacking begins!

 

Emily visited her best friend today.  They seemed a bit nervous at first but then clicked back into their old routine.  They are very good friends and I’m glad they have meshed once again.  We’ll definitely have to plan more time for them to get together over the summer.

 

As I mentioned in yesterday’s email, Nina’s mass has become very bad.  I saw a surgeon today who agreed that removing it wouldn’t be worth it.  Amputation is an option but with her weak back end, may not be very comfortable for her.  His third option was radiation treatment.  Statistics have shown it gives about the same survival as amputation.  However, it runs about $5500.  Although I’ve been thinking about her as a 13 year old dog, I realized today that she’s actually 14 years old.  After discussing it with Bill, it just doesn’t seem like either way, her future is very long.  We made the painful decision to put her down.  I called a local vet friend of mine to set up a time to do that.  She originally emailed me back and said she could do it on Sunday.  However, Sunday is my birthday and I couldn’t bear to do that.  So I’m not sure when we will do so.  In the mean time, I’m giving her pain meds and antibiotics for the infection that she’s developed.  I want to keep her as comfortable as I can. 

 

Well that’s about it for now.  A nice and short moving edition email.  It has been a long road and unfortunately, the hardest part has been the end.  What with a messed up house, and a terminal family pet, this week hasn’t been the greatest.  But all of that is mostly behind us and it’s time to move forward.  I hope you all have a great Friday and I will be in touch next week!

 Greetings once again!

 

Yesterday was another busy day.  We had to get up early since we had the cleaning crew coming at 8:30.  They were right on time and got to work straight away.  It took 2 people 5 hours straight to get the house cleaner.  And that’s not even doing the kitchen since I opted to do that myself while they cleaned the rest.  In the end, we’re left with carpets that, while cleaner, have permanent stains and will have to be eventually replaced.  And walls that, while cleaner, will still need to be repainted in the near future.  But at least we have a house we feel comfortable moving our furniture into now.  I called a lawyer that was recommended to us yesterday, but I haven’t received a call back yet.

 

Late in the morning, I dropped Emily off at one of her friends’ house to hang out and swim in their pool.  When I picked her up, she said she had fun swimming, but her friend ended up playing a Nintendo Wii game the whole time and Emily ended up kind of bored.  Today, she will be going to her best friend’s house where I hope she will have a lot more fun.

 

We are having a handywoman come out today to replace the damaged molding and fix the baseboards.  We unloaded about 2/3 of the truck yesterday and got through the largest and heaviest items.  What remains are primarily the boxes which are easy to unload.  We unloaded yesterday until we found the box with our bed parts.  Once we found that, we called it a day.  Bill’s packing program has already helped us immensely in finding items we need.

 

We were finally able to sleep on our proper mattresses last night although our beds have not been fully assembled.  All in good time.  Our cable/internet/phone is on so Bill can now work effectively here at home.  I start back up at work today and will probably be visiting the Orlando office tomorrow.

 

The plan for today is to finish unloading the truck and returning it at last.  This morning however, I have to attend to an urgent matter.  As I mentioned in previous emails, Nina’s (my dog) mass on her leg has regrown.  It is about the same size or larger than it was when I removed it the first time.  It is clearly bothering her.  Based on its state, I think we’re at the point where either the leg should be removed, or euthanasia is in order.  I can’t think very clearly when it comes to my own dog and I don’t have a clinic in which to do anything anyhow.  So I’m taking her for a surgical consultation this morning.  The outlook does not look good.

 

I hope you all are having a good week.  I will keep you all updated on our continuing saga.

 Greetings to you all!

 

Well today was a busy, jam-packed, tiring day.  We got up around 8 after a bad night’s sleep.  Sleeping on air mattresses is never super comfortable.  We had a quick breakfast and I got to work calling various folks for various things.  I scheduled a few house cleaning estimates and called the carpet cleaner we had used last year as we moved out.  Yes, I even had the carpets professionally cleaned prior to the tenants moving in!  I also got some estimates on replacing the missing carpet in the back of the house.  The cost is a bit steep, especially given the costs of the move that we’ve just made.  So that will have to wait for a bit.

 

Bill got to work unloading a few things off the truck but like I said yesterday, we don’t want to unload our furniture and place it into rooms that still needed to be cleaned.  After unloading a few items into the garage, he called it a morning (especially since it was getting rather toasty) and went to Panera.  The reason he went to Panera is because he can get Wi-Fi there (our internet should be installed tomorrow) and he needed to do some actual work for his job.

 

While Bill was doing that, Emily and I had to do laundry at a Laundromat.  The washer and dryer are towards the front of the truck and I didn’t see us getting them set up any time soon.  And it’s been over a week since I’ve been able to do laundry.  So we went to the nearest Laundromat and got some clothes cleaned.  I think this was the first time Emily has ever seen a Laundromat.  It’s definitely not a comfortable way to do laundry.  Sure makes you appreciate your home. 

 

Once we got that done, we had to head home to get our house cleaning estimate.  I showed the guy all the work that needs to be done.  The good thing is that they can get all this done tomorrow.  The cleaners will arrive at 8:30 am and spend several hours cleaning all the grime.  Once the cleaner estimate guy left, we were very ready for lunch.  I texted over to Bill to see if he wanted us to join him over at Panera.  He said that was fine, so we headed over.  Once we were there, he apologized because he had forgotten that he had a conference call right then and would be on the phone the whole time.  So Emily and I enjoyed our Panera lunch at a completely different table. 

 

After lunch, I got to work cleaning the kitchen.  Although cleaning people are coming, I really need to get the kitchen in order so we can start moving our kitchen stuff in so we can actually start cooking.  All things considered, the kitchen wasn’t horrible but it wasn’t great.  I had to clean all the cabinets and drawers and the mess under the sink was awful.  After a few hours of that, Bill returned home and tried to unload a few more things from the truck.  Our neighbor came back over to see how we were doing.  She feels very bad for us and she herself saw how bad the house was when we arrived.  She let us use her gas can so we can get the lawn mowed.  The lawnmower was one of the last things we packed into the truck so it was fairly accessible.  Unfortunately, I had broken down the lawnmower so it would be easier to pack.  That means we need the screws necessary to put it all back together.  Thanks to Bill’s awesome packing database program, I know exactly what box they’re in.  But since we haven’t unloaded hardly any boxes yet, we couldn’t mow our lawn.  Bummer.

 

The carpet cleaning guy came late in the afternoon.  He was amazed at how bad the carpets were.  He remembered cleaning them last year prior to us leaving.  He used a black light flashlight to highlight all the urine stains that we had suspected were there.  He was honest with us.  He said that he can do as good a cleaning as he can, but since it’s soaked into the pad and into the wood underneath, a light odor may remain on hot days.  But he can get it clean for now and then we can consider complete replacement at a later date.  We opted to go ahead and get them cleaned and deodorized.  He was able to do them today and they look SO much better now that he’s cleaned them.  He said he was willing to write a letter or whatever to verify that the carpets were not remotely in this shape when he cleaned them last year.  He’s a nice guy and our neighbor immediately wanted his card when she learned he was able to give us same day service.  The only catch is that now the rooms are off limits for 24 hours because he used a peroxide which can be a bit caustic.  So when the cleaning people come, they’ll have to wear booties of some sort to prevent tracking in dirt or coming into contact with the cleaning agent. 

 

When it comes to the tenants, I realized I didn’t have her right cell number and only had her old home phone.  So I emailed her a polite yet stern email outlining the numerous problems with the house and asked for return of the deposit.  I stated that repairs/cleaning would be made and all receipts would be made available and any remaining money would be returned.  Not surprisingly, she flat out refused.  Furthermore, she stated that they had didn’t replace light covers because they fell on their head so since I didn’t pay for her injuries, she’s not paying for the cover (I never heard about such an incident).  She also said that they did a lot of stuff themselves such as replacing air filters, trimming branches etc etc (all things that I consider routine house upkeep) and they never complained and covered costs themselves so they went way above what normal tenants should do.  She also stated and I quote “we returned the house to you cleaner than we got it”.  That statement is laughable.  I tried to be nice in the email but it was apparent that these people lived in a very dirty house.  I have to have 2 professional cleaners work probably 3-4 hours minimum tomorrow to get the house remotely close to how we left it.

 

I am talking to an attorney tomorrow to see what our options are.  The good thing is that once we have the cleaners come, we can actually start moving things into the house.  The bad thing is that I have a bad feeling that we will ultimately take it in the shorts on all of this.  We definitely have the proof that the house was in a sad state.  And I have the carpet guy that can corroborate the fact that the carpets were not stained to begin with.  But because we already returned the deposit, we may be majorly hosed.

 

In Emily news, she helped clean the kitchen and helped clean the porch a bit.  But after that, there wasn’t really anything else for her to do, so she played a lot on her Nintendo DS.  She has already set up to go to her friend’s house tomorrow and then her best friend’s house on Wednesday.  So she’s quickly catching up with her friends.  

  

So for tonight, it’s another night of camping out in the living room.  I vacuumed up all the ticks that I found and haven’t seen another flea since yesterday.  Tomorrow, we are set up to get our cable/phone/internet set up.  We realized late today that in order for that to take place, we needed a TV and a phone and we had neither.  So Bill and I worked on unloading more of the truck into the garage but to no avail.  We’d have to unload tons of furniture in order to even get to the boxes.  So at about 9 pm, we gave up and just went to Target.  We bought the cheapest TV and phone we could find so that the cable and phone can be set up.  Once that’s done, we’ll return both of them.  Kind of hate to do that but I didn’t see another good option.

 

Well that’s about it for now.  We are slowly getting back into the groove of things.  It seemed really hot today and I was thinking that it was going to take a while for us to get used to the heat again, but luckily I heard from several people that it has been unusually warm these last few days. 

 

Enjoy your week and I’ll keep you updated!

 Greetings from St. Petersburg, Florida!!

 

Well we finally made it.  The day went fairly smoothly.  We got up at a reasonable hour and left OK.  Once again, we managed not to get into any trouble by parking our truck in someone else’s parking lot.  We decided to stop and get gas once we were through Pensacola.  That wasn’t a problem.  Unfortunately, when getting back on the highway, I received a phone call and didn’t see, until it was too late, that Bill took the wrong on-ramp and started going west again.  I followed and quickly finished up my phone call and then radioed over to Bill to alert him to his mistake.  Unfortunately it was about 10 miles before we could turn around.

 

The drive itself was fairly straight forward and rather familiar since we were in Florida again.  I was so happy to see Tampa Bay!  We arrived at the house around 7:30 pm.  Once we made it into the house, though, our otherwise flawless day went very very badly.

 

The house is an absolute pit.  The walls are dirty, the doors are dirty, the baseboards are dirty, the carpets are disgusting and there is a dent in our nearly new refrigerator.  Blinds are broken, the garage door has dents, there are holes in the walls were things were hung and no attempt was made to patch it.  There are moldings where it was apparent that animals had either chewed or scratched right through and a poor attempt at patching had been made.  Screens are out, the turny sticks for blinds are missing and there are live ticks walking around the house. 

 

They had removed the carpet from the back area of the house (which we knew about) because there was a leak from the back door and it was soaking the carpet.  However, they destroyed the baseboards in order to do it.  They seemed to have done an OK job of cleaning the kitchen and the bathrooms and it seems that that’s all they really cared about.  The air vents are caked with dirt and inexplicably, one entire room has outlets that don’t appear to be working. 

 

I talked with the neighbor across the street and she said that when she visited, she definitely saw that the doors and walls were that dirty.  She said that the neigbhors were “a challenge”.  The neighbor kids talked to Emily and said that they had seen the dog in the house have major diarrhea messes in one of the rooms.  It so happens that that’s the one with the worst carpet.  I guess when my realtor friend walked through, they claimed that the stains were there when they moved in (which they were not).  However, they totally admitted to my neighbor that they dented the fridge and she saw them trying to scrub the hardwood.  There are covers of lights missing, stains in the oven, dried food in the microwave, and crumbs and bits in the cabinets.  I originally thought that perhaps someone else had gotten into the house after the tenants left, since it looked so bad and I had been told it was clean.  However, after talking with the neighbors and seeing all the stuff that couldn’t have occurred just within the last 3 weeks, it is clear that this is the way they left it. 

 

Unfortunately, as I mentioned, we’ve already returned the deposit.  We plan to call them tomorrow and demand our deposit back or threaten a lawsuit.  I don’t know that we realistically have a case since we DID return the deposit already.  But it’s worth a shot.  The repairs and cleaning alone will cost WAY over what the deposit is.  We don’t know what we will even do in terms of unloading.  I don’t even want to touch the carpets they’re so bad.  We’ll try having them professionally cleaned but I kind of doubt the stains will come out.  They even left kitty litter in one of the closets and the neighbor corroborated the fact that that was where the cat lived. 

 

Tomorrow I plan to call a cleaning service to clean the house because with all the walls, baseboards, doors, etc, it would take us a week to do it.  I will also get estimates on repairing the garage door, the fridge, the molding, the carpet cleaning etc.  We will try to unload the furniture into the garage until we can figure out whether the carpets are salvageable.  Only once we have decent carpet and walls can we realistically move our furniture in. 

 

Thankfully, my neighbor took care of the lawn in the front so it doesn’t look bad.  I need to get her a gift card or something.  The lawn in the back is horrendous but that is understandable since no one has been here to mow it.  I can’t tell you what an awful arrival this was.  We are sleeping in the living room on the hardwood because we are too disgusted to sleep on the gross carpet.  Plus with ticks walking around the back area, it’s very worrisome.  I had one flea jump on me, but only one, so the treatment must have done its job.  I’m not surprised that there will be a few fleas around until the next treatment (planned in a week) because the treatment doesn’t kill the eggs.  The dogs and cat are on flea and tick prevention so hopefully it’ll be OK in the short-term. 

 

I’m hopeful we’ll at least get the deposit back but I don’t think we have much ground to stand on.  We really need to get the house in some shape since my family is visiting in just a couple of weeks. 

 

We are happy the travels are over and done with.  We are also happy we arrived a day early since that gives us extra time with the truck since we are now hampered with our unloading efforts.  I hope all of you dads (including mine) had a happy Father’s Day.  Ours could have been better but we arrived, healthy, happy (before we opened the door), and without incident.  Now the true work begins.  Enjoy your Monday and I’ll continue to keep you all updated!

 Greetings from Pensacola, Florida!!!!!

 

It’s so great to be back in Florida.  This day’s drive wasn’t nearly as long as yesterday’s.  I’m not sure why I scheduled it that way, but I think everyone was ready for a shorter drive so we just accepted it.

 

Like yesterday, we left around 9:30 am.  Fortunately, we didn’t get any type of parking tickets for leaving our truck at a fast food place.  Once we were on the road, it wasn’t too much longer before we were in Louisiana.  Thanks goodness we were FINALLY done with Texas.  I like the Texan spirit, but I don’t like driving through Texas.  I can’t tell you the number of road kill lemurs I saw today.  At least, I’m pretty sure they were lemurs.  They were furry, grayish brown, and had ringed tails.  Once again, I began wondering about the lemur population of Texas and Louisiana.  I didn’t remember there being a large population, but I guess the evidence is in the road.  I also saw a road kill juvenile alligator, but that wasn’t surprising.  I’m well aware of the alligator population in the south.

 

Louisiana was much more interesting to drive through than Texas.  In fact, I think we only drove on about 1 or 2 miles of actual road.  The rest was elevated bridges over swamps, rivers, lakes, and bayous.  We hit Baton Rouge first.  Emily learned that Baton Rouge meant red stick in French.  We soon saw signs for the town “Grosse Tete”.  I radioed over to her to see if she knew what that meant.  She claimed she did but said she didn’t want to say.  After a bit more wrangling, it turns out she had been told, by one of her parents who wasn’t me, the completely wrong definition.  I explained that “Grosse” means “fat” and “tete” means head.  So it is the town of “fat head”…NOT…”Disgusting Nipple” as originally claimed.  Dads…..sheesh………..

 

Once we were through Baton Rouge we briefly stopped for gas and then continued on through New Orleans.  Emily took pictures of some of the sights as we drove by.  We went right by the Superdome and she photographed some of the above ground cemeteries.  Fortunately, we didn’t run into much traffic in either one of those towns.  The rest of Louisiana went quickly and before we knew it we were in Mississippi.  It was at this point that I realized we’d arrive at a fairly decent hour.  Going through Mississippi was quick and then we hit Alabama.  We hit some minor traffic going through Mobile.  We got a great view of the USS Alabama, which is a battleship that is sitting there right on the water. 

 

Once we were through Mobile it was a hop, skip, and a jump before we arrived in Pensacola.  As I checked in, Bill tried to find a parking space for the truck.  Unfortunately, like yesterday, there was no place to park so he had to go try to find another place.  He called me and told me there wasn’t a good place that he could find nearby and he was going to have to park it somewhere a bit further away.  I unloaded the dogs real quick and then ran over to find him so I could drive him, Chaplin (our cat), and Emily back to the hotel.  He was going to park the truck in a mall parking lot but I was worried we’d get towed.  So I found a Comfort Inn just a few blocks away from the La Quinta that had space.  He parked the truck there and I drove them back to the La Quinta.  I hope we don’t get in any trouble for doing that, but there just wasn’t any room here. 

 

Once we got all our stuff unloaded, we walked over to the nearby Denny’s.  We are sick of fast food and the fact that Denny’s is considered to be NON fast food is a sad sad thing.  But it was good to have some food that didn’t come wrapped. 

 

So one more day left.  Because we are arriving one day ahead of schedule, I don’t think the water will be on in our house until Monday.  I had the power turned on when the tenants left so that the AC would prevent the house from becoming a muggy moldy mess.  So it won’t be an entirely livable house until Monday but we’ll be glad to be there nonetheless.  Plus, despite my best attempts (and I called approximately 15 places) I was unable to find anyone to go mow our lawn, so I fear what we will find.  I’m sure I will be mowing the lawn as Bill unloads the truck just so that our neighbors don’t hate us forever.

 

I hope you all enjoy your Sunday.  I’m looking forward to having this all behind us.  I will definitely keep you all updated!!

 Greetings from Beaumont, Texas!

 

Well this was a long LONG LONG LONG LOOOONG long day.  We got up about 8 which is a little later than we’d like, but we’re fighting still being on Pacific time so that is 6 am for us.  We grabbed some breakfast from the hotel and I took the dogs on a walk before we left.  I take them one at a time for my sanity.  When I took Foofer, there was a ratty little white dog wandering around loose.  Foofer saw him and was immediately on alert.  I tried to get her to just do her business but she was too interested.  Foofer has some dog issues and I’d love to get Cesar Milan (the GOD!) to help me out.  Anyhow, the ratty little white dog just ran right up to Foofer at which point, Foofer lunged for the throat.  I immediately yanked her away and tried to remain calm and assertive (like you’re supposed to) but couldn’t help giving Foofer a quick thump on the head for being so stupid.  She’s so annoying that way.  Anyhow, once she was done, I loaded her into the car and walked Nina.  Nina is my pit bull and is the nicest dog in the world.  As I was getting ready to load Nina back into the car, the little ratty white dog ran up to her.  Nina did the typical dog greeting and they sniffed each other and wagged tails.  It was at this point that I asked Emily to get the ratty dog.

 

The dog had a collar but was clearly not WITH anyone.  I called the number on the caller and it sounded like it was some company.  I alerted them that their dog was wandering around the parking lot and they said they’d send someone over right away.  I had several disposable leashes in the car (of course) and used it to walk the dog over to the lobby.  I checked out and then alerted the hotel employee about the dog.  He said he recognized the dog and has seen it get loose before.  I asked for permission to leave the dog tied up front so we could leave.  Thankfully, he was fine with that.  Hopefully, the owners arrived at some point. 

 

As I already mentioned, the drive through Texas was god awful boring.  Not much to see and no signs of human life other than the pick up trucks barreling past.  We got a quick lunch in Kerrsville, TX and kept on moving.  We started listening to a new book called “Three Bags Full”.  It’s a sheep detective story.  Yes, that’s right.  Sheep are the detectives.  Both Bill and I had trouble listening to it.  It’s a cute premise but the book drags and listening to that while driving through Texas wasn’t working.  I had to switch it to music instead then switch it back.  Bill finally gave up on listening to it because he said it wasn’t going anywhere.  I may try to continue on.  Depends on my mood.

 

The most exciting thing I saw during the day was when I saw a very small black and white road kill on the side of the road.  My first thought was total sadness because it looked like a baby panda.  How sad that a panda would be hit by a car and killed given their low population numbers.  Then I started to think that I wasn’t sure Pandas were native to Texas.  I don’t remember seeing them roaming the plains.  Then I started to think that it might be some other native black and white animal that got hit by a car.  That seems more likely.  Plus, whatever it was, it really had a bad odor!

 

We hit San Antonio around 3 pm.  That’s a tricky city to drive through because of the number of highway changes we have to make even though we ultimately stay on I-10 the whole time.  Bill was glad that was over with.  We hit Houston around 7 pm which was good since that meant we missed most of the traffic.  If there’s one thing I can say about Texans, it’s that they love their trucks and they love big huge giant flags.  Both of the US and the Texas state flags.  The remainder of the drive was just tedious.  We left around 9:30 am and didn’t get to the hotel until after 9 pm. 

 

I always zoom on ahead so that I can get checked in, figure out where the room is and then call Bill to give him tips on where to park.  This hotel was not like others and didn’t have a back parking lot.  Bill didn’t know this and went past it which put him on an access road that ended up shunting him back on the highway.  So he had to go around several times.  Then, when we got to the lot, there wasn’t any way for him to actually park in a reasonable way.  So he ended up parking in the Whataburger parking lot next to the hotel.  Hopefully we don’t get yet another parking ticket. 

 

After some quick sandwiches, and showers, we were off to bed  The plan today is to reach Pensacola, Florida.  The terrain has already turned more Southern and there are a lot of trees and I have experienced humidity again for the first time in a year.  I’d forgotten how muggy it feels.  But to me, it’s like a nice warm blanket in the evening.  Quite nice compared to the cool desert air, but I know Bill won’t agree on that. 

 

Thankfully, we are past the halfway mark.  And thankfully, yet again we still won’t cross the time zone line since Pensacola is still in central time.  Hope you all have a great weekend and I will continue to keep you updated!

Greetings from Fort Stockton, Texas!! 

This was an utterly BORING day today.  We kind of got a late start (in my opinion).  We didn’t get on the road until around 9:30.  The drive through Arizona was pretty straightforward.  There was one cool area that I remember driving through last year where there were boulders everywhere.  Unfortunately, that area is small and before we knew it, we were back in boring flat brush land. 

 We stopped for gas in Lordsburg, New Mexico and I got some lunch for everyone.  There were some light sprinkles as we drove through New Mexico which kept it rather cool.  Before we knew it, we were in Texas.  El Paso is just across the New Mexico/Texas border and we ran into a little bit of traffic since we hit the city a little after 4 pm.  The city of Juarez is visible just across the border as you drive through and the difference between countries is striking.  

Once we got through El Paso, the true boredom began.  Just flat brush land as far as the eye can see.  Thankfully, we had the audio book to listen to the whole time.  The most exciting thing to happen during the trip was when I saw a poor tarantula tumbling on the shoulder of the road after Bill’s giant truck rolled on by.  And that was only exciting in a sad way.  I briefly thought about stopping (for reals), but figured that wouldn’t do anyone any good.  We finished listening to the audio book about 30 minutes before arriving at Fort Stockton.  The book was quite good although there were a few weird things about it.  Overall though, I would definitely recommend Prey to others.  I’m not sure what book we’ll listen to tomorrow. 

Once we neared Fort Stockton, I zoomed on ahead to make sure I could find the hotel and let Bill know what to expect.  I had my iphone ready to direct me to the hotel.  The great thing about the iphone is that it will give you turn by turn directions to your destination.  The bad thing about the iphone is that it can often give you turn by turn directions to the WRONG destination.  As I exited, the phone was telling me to go 2 miles down a main road, make a right and then go another 8 miles.  And this is in Fort Stockton which seems to me to have a radius of 1 mile.  As I started on the main road, I saw a La Quinta (where we were staying) far to the left of me.  Unfortunately, it was dark and raining and it wasn’t clear how to get there.  I couldn’t believe that there would be TWO La Quintas in a town this small so I radioed over to Bill and told him that I would try and figure out how to get there.  Fortunately, I found the road over there but it was not an easy find.  I’m sure glad I didn’t blindly follow my iphone directions.  

Once I arrived, I checked in and located the room.  I called Bill, gave him directions and grabbed my phone and the room key to open the room.  I had to fight with the door in order to get inside.  Once inside, I was momentarily confused.  I heard voices but the TV was off.  I panicked for a quick moment thinking that somehow I had entered the wrong room and that’s why the key didn’t work well.  But the room was empty.  So I put my phone on the dresser and went back out to the car to start unloading.  When I returned with some suitcases, I checked my phone to make sure Bill hadn’t called.  It was then that I saw that I had just missed a phone call from my mom.  As I went outside to retrieve more stuff from the car, I started thinking that perhaps I had accidentally dialed my mom while fighting with the door and that the voice I had heard had actually been coming from my phone.  It turns out that was the case.  She called a little bit later and I explained what had happened.  Sorry mom!  But it was good to update her a bit on our trip. 

The plan for tomorrow is to be bored all day long.  That means that we will be driving through Texas the WHOLE day.  We are scheduled to stop for the night in Beaumont, TX.  It will be very difficult for us to get an early start because we lost 2 hours today due to time zone changes.  Fortunately, we won’t lose any tomorrow. 

 Hope you all have a great Friday and I’ll continue to keep you all updated!

 Greetings from Tucson, Arizona!

 

As planned, we managed to leave a day ahead of schedule.  We got up early and started breaking the remaining items down such as our air mattresses, packing up suitcases, emptying the fridge etc.  Blake packed up his items onto his bike and left for his biker breakfast.  It’s too bad that he couldn’t get Emily completely certified, but he did go through all of the book work and gave her her written tests.  So she just has the pool and open water stuff left.  Once again, I can’t thank Blake enough for his help.  He says that a lot of the smoothness of the loading had to do with the fact that everything was already packed and ready to go.  That was my goal and I’m glad it went well.  But even so, it would have been much much slower without him.  Bon voyage Blake and enjoy your ride back to Portland! 

Most of the remaining items were stuffed into my car which was getting towed behind the truck.  I drove Bill’s car which has the dogs in the back, my fish,  and our suitcases.  I also packed a suitcase for the animals.  Having done this whole thing before, we’ve gotten into quite a routine.  The animal suitcase has the dog and cat food bowls, water changing equipment for my fish, and preapportioned food in Ziploc baggies.  I’m also giving the animals a Capstar everyday to make sure they don’t pick up fleas along the route.  

We made fairly good time and ended up leaving by 10:30 am.  Emily rode with Bill and they started off down the road.  I had to stop by and drop off the keys to the house so I ended up having to catch up to them.  Since the truck isn’t exactly a well precisioned speed demon, it was fairly easy to catch up.  Just east of San Diego are some large mountains that we had to cross.  Going up those mountains, the truck slowed down to 35 mph at times.  I had counted on this and only scheduled us for a “6 hour drive” today (for normal cars) knowing that it would definitely take longer.  It seemed to me that going up the mountains going west to east seemed easier than the reverse.  I remember seeing signs everywhere about not driving with the AC on and having areas to fill your radiator with water if needed.  Those didn’t exist going up from the San Diego side.  It seemed less steep.  So that was good.  

Once we were down the other side, it was smooth sailing.  California terrain changes quite dramatically on the other side.  It becomes startlingly flat for a while and then you pass through some really cool sand dunes.  We stopped briefly for gas and lunch in El Centro, California before moving on.  Thankfully, diesel is nearly HALF the cost it was last time.  I remember driving into California and seeing that diesel was $5.00 a gallon!  So even though gas prices have been going up the last several weeks, thankfully, diesel is lagging.  

We drove VERY close to the border and in fact, could even see the border fence in several areas which was cool.  We passed through several border control “checkpoints” where they don’t do anything but say hi and pass you through.  I would say that that’s a waste of time, but just about a mile past one of the checkpoints, there was a bunch of border control cars parked on the side of the road with their daily catch of Mexicans sitting along side the road.  So I’ll give them credit where credit is due. 

Before we knew it we were in Arizona.  The brush and desert terrain started sprouting up the cool saguaro cacti.  I saw that many were in bloom and had red flowers.  Bill and Emily probably didn’t see it but since I was driving behind them, I saw that there was a rather large lizard that zoomed out from the desert to run into the highway.  Once it saw the truck, it made an immediate 180 and ran back into the desert.  I was glad since I didn’t want to see him get run over.  But the fact that I could see that he was off the ground and had a large head and tail was impressive.  I’m not sure what kind of lizard he was but he was large.  I’m thinking it was a Komodo Dragon.  I’m almost sure of it. 

Along the way, both of us decided to listen to an audio book.  We chose Prey by Michael Crichton.  It’s hard to go wrong with Michael Crichton.  Thus far, it’s a really good book and has totally kept my attention.  When books aren’t that great, I have a tendency to have my mind wander.  It hasn’t so far and I look forward to hearing more today. 

We arrived in Tucson at about 7 pm.  The dogs were glad to be out of the car but I found it a little difficult to walk them effectively since there was no grass anywhere.  Once we got all our stuff in we relaxed.  It was nice to be in a room with actual furniture and actual beds.  We had some sandwiches and called it a night.  

The plan for today is to drive to Fort Stockton, Texas.  I’m not looking forward to Texas at all but unfortunately it is in the way and it’s either drive through it or drive around it.  And I don’t want to risk driving through Mexico and Oklahoma isn’t that much more exciting than Texas.  So there ya go.  

I've attached a few pictures of our day to this email.  I hope you all continue to have a great week and I’ll be in touch shortly!

 Day 2 started off bright and early.  I dropped Emily off at her last day of school and then went on to the hatchery.  I didn’t have much planned to do, but plans always have a way of changing.  I ended up doing some last minute training and that kept me occupied till I had to leave to pick her up.  The folks at the hatchery also wanted to take me out to lunch but I had already arranged to be the one picking Emily up, so I had to decline.  Some more goodbyes were said and then I was off to get Emily. 

Meanwhile, Bill and Blake got back to work on the truck.  By 10 am, Bill had already texted me to let me know that they had easily gotten everything else on the truck.  Yay!  At the same time, the carpet cleaning people had arrived to clean our carpets.  By the time Emily and I got home, the carpets were clean, the truck was packed, and we were left wondering what we were going to do tomorrow since we hadn’t planned to leave until Thursday. 

 For lunch, we went to grab burgers at In n Out.  It’s a classic California fast food joint and one that we will miss.  After that, it was back home for some last minute cleaning.  Blake had to work on his motorcycle since it took quite a beating coming all the way down here.  While he did that, we spent our time doing last minute cleaning.  During this time, Bill and I really couldn’t think of a good reason why we wouldn’t just leave tomorrow.  We could just spend the day lounging around but that is a waste of a day and it certainly is not comfortable living like this.  In fact, I give big kudos to Blake who came down to help us.  We haven’t been able to be great hosts since we have no furniture for him to even sit on and no food in the fridge!

 To make a long story short, we decided we will be leaving for Florida tomorrow (Wednesday).  The dogs are locked in the garage so as not to mess up our carpets.  Chappy spent the majority of the day locked in the bathroom and he was quite cranky about that.  Goldie Wilson (my goldfish) had been transferred to his travel jug.  The plan for tomorrow is to load all our remaining stuff up in the morning and we’ll be on our way!  Blake was going to leave tomorrow anyhow.  He’s meeting biker friends of his in a nearby town and then will road trip it back up to Portland.  Again, I can’t say enough thank yous to Blake.  This move went so much smoother thanks to his help.  And he managed to visit us without injuring Bill.  That’s a big deal.

 So that’s about it for tonight.  Our last night in California.  I will miss the terrain and the coworkers, but I sure won’t miss the climate.  I was freezing last night!  I hope you are all having a great week and I will update you all again tomorrow. 

 

By the way, for those of you on twitter, Bill has decided that we will “tweet” our way across the country.  The website is www.twitter.com/siebharinn

 Well here we go!  

Day 1 was not too bad, all things considered.  Especially when compared to last year’s move.  We had to get up early because Emily still had school today.  I finished up closing a few last boxes and went off to work.  Bill and Blake took Emily to school and then went to pick up the truck.  Unfortunately, there is a spending cap on our ATM card per day, and in order to get the truck, it required going over that.  So Bill had to find a bank that was open and withdraw cash in order to rent the truck.  So that caused some delay.  Especially since he had to pick Emily back up at noon. 

 As for me, I did some last minute tasks at work and then went out to lunch with a large group of people.  It was another coworker’s last day as well today, so it was a combo goodbye lunch.  The lunch itself wasn’t that great but it was nice to see everyone one last time.  After lunch, I wrapped up a few more things, made sure I had everything I needed and then said my last goodbyes.  It was kind of sad but at least I’ll be in touch with these people for at least another couple of months for work-related reasons.  I left early and got home around 3 pm. 

Because of the way the neighborhood is built, it is not possible to back the truck into our driveway without the cab of the truck being in the driveway of our neighbor across the street.  So Bill backed it in in a really wonky fashion, but one that was effective.  I’ve attached a picture of the park job to this email.  Bill and Blake both bemoaned the fact that our cloudy and cool weather suddenly took a sunny and warm turn the moment that they backed in the truck.  When I arrived home, not much had been loaded onto the truck.  Bill was busy loading while Blake was going over SCUBA knowledge reviews with Emily.  I guess a day’s rest had made Emily rethink her SCUBA certifying intentions and she wanted to give it another go.  So he reviewed some of the stuff with her and then had her take the written test while he helped Bill load up the truck.  

Weirdly enough, I didn’t have much to do in the house today, which is SUCH a change from the last move we made.  The house is mostly already clean and just needs some work in a few areas.  All the packing has been done except for the items which must remain out until we leave such as the vacuum, cleaning supplies, air mattresses, sleeping bags, etc.  Bill and Blake’s SCUBA gear also remains out.  They may get in some more dives before we leave, so we’re not packing that just yet.  Once again, my car will be towed behind the truck and I will drive Bill’s car with the 2 dogs and my fish.  The cat will probably go in the truck with Bill.  

I did a few last minute errands but they only took me about an hour to do.  Emily’s half day consisted of getting her yearbook and then running around having everybody sign it.  I spent part of the evening looking through her yearbook.  I will definitely miss her school although she claims that she will not.  They had a lot of cool opportunities and she got to do a lot of cool things.  She has another half-day tomorrow which is apparently part 8th grade graduation and part end-of-the-year luncheon.  Then she is done with California schooling all together. 

Bill and Blake managed to get the majority of the truck loaded today.  There are just a few large items left and not much space for them.  They decided to quit for the day since the daylight was leaving and their heads were getting a little fuzzy trying to figure out how to fit everything in.  Therefore, they closed up the truck and we all decided to go get some Killer Pizza From Mars.  We tried to lock up the truck but I guess this truck is a bit beefier than the last one and the lock that we had wouldn’t fit the latch.  Therefore, after we had our pizza, we stopped off at Lowes to get a bigger lock.  

As we arrived back at our house, we unfortunately discovered an Escondido Police Department vehicle stopped in front of our truck.  Remember when I said Bill had parked wonky?  We parked our car several houses away just because there was no other place to park and then walked to our house.  Bill spoke with the cop and explained that they had been loading the truck and that’s why it was parked weirdly.  The cop said that while he could understand that, provided that we were actively loading, the truck was absolutely parked in front of a fire hydrant and therefore, he had to give us a ticket.  I guess some neighborhood busybodies had complained.  So unfortunately, we got a parking ticket.  Fortunately, it was only for $43.00 which while it sucks, isn’t a horrible thing.  It totally ticks me off though that the neighbors don’t have the guts to come and actually have a human conversation about their concerns, they simply call the cops.  ARGH! 

The plan for tomorrow is for me to go to work at the hatchery in Carlsbad, finish up last minute tasks and then make it another early day.  I’m not sure what the plan will be after that, but we’ll take it as we go.  Bill and Blake will finish up (hopefully) loading the truck.  The carpet is scheduled to be cleaned tomorrow morning so we just finished getting everything off the carpeted areas.  

I hope you all had a great Monday and I’ll be in touch extra soon!

Hello again everyone!  The time is finally here! 

As you all are well aware (if you actually read these), we are moving this week.  I spent last week doing final packing and preparation.  I have been quite successful at getting everything packed up.  We have been sleeping on air mattresses, eating off of paper plates, and have all our clothes in suitcases.  In fact on Thursday, I was wandering around the house realizing that I had run out of things to pack!  There was still plenty of cleaning to do so I spent most of this weekend working on that and packing up the few remaining boxes of stuff.  All of our furniture is either in the garage or in our living room, just waiting to get loaded onto the truck.  We get the truck on Monday morning and hopefully the loading will go a lot smoother than last time! 

In other news, Emily returned from her San Francisco trip.  We picked her on Friday night.  It sounds like they had a great time and had a lot of adventures.  They went on hikes nearly every day and Emily took a lot of great pictures.  They were camped just north of the Golden Gate Bridge so she has a lot of pictures of that, as well as the nearby prison “Alcatraz”.  They learned to identify various plants and animals which helped them avoid the poison oak and the ticks! They explored tide pools and hiked through a redwood forest.  Emily took some really great pictures which you can view *HERE*.  She has 2 days left of school; both of them are half-days. Monday they get yearbooks and have a signing party.  On Tuesday the 8th graders go through some “graduation-type” event to signify their moving on to 9th grade.  There was also supposed to be a school-wide discussion on their respective trips.  Unfortunately, the 9th graders will not be represented. 

In Emily’s school, all the grades take a year end trip.  For example, the 8th graders went to Washington DC and the 10th graders went to Yosemite.  Well one of the highlights of the school is that the 9th graders go to China.  They left a week and a half ago and were supposed to be back this weekend.  Unfortunately, following a river cruise, several students fell ill.  They tested positive for the H1N1 virus which resulted in their hospitalization.  In addition, the rest of the class has been quarantined in their hotel for one week.  They were supposed to come back this weekend but now won’t be back till next weekend.  The story has gone national and we are getting daily updates on their disposition.  It sounds like they are making the best of it and are finding ways of staying occupied while being stuck in a hotel room.  In fact, they apparently are designing “Got H1N1?” T-shirts and are making top 10 lists on the top 10 reasons why quarantine is better than a vacation!  Unfortunately for them, they can’t even visit each other’s rooms but at least can call and email each other.  So that’s been interesting. 

At my job, I spent this week tying up loose ends.  I emptied my desk and copied all the files I needed off of my computer.  I will be taking several vacation days for the move.  I will be going into work on Monday to the Mission Bay office to do some last minute things and say goodbye to everyone.  Then on Tuesday, I’ll do the same at the Carlsbad hatchery.  As of now, there doesn’t seem to be any effort being made to hire a new vet here in California.  So for right now, I will still be managing stuff as best as I can from Florida.  I’ve trained several folks on how to do necropsies and submit tissue samples for histopathology.  Then I’ll have the reports forwarded to me.  It’s not perfect, but it’ll do for most things.  It’ll be interesting to see how things work out once I’m in Florida. 

On Saturday, Bill took Emily to get outfitted with her SCUBA equipment.  As I mentioned previously, Bill’s friend Blake had generously offered to come down to help us move and also SCUBA certify Emily.  In getting her gear, Bill said that she had the same problem as I did and couldn’t find a wetsuit that fit well.  It took running around to several stores before finding a good fit.  Emily had already completed all the bookwork and knowledge reviews so we took her to the local neighborhood pool to start on some of the pool exercises.  The pool is not heated and as I’ve whined about…er…I mean mentioned previously, the weather here has been very gloomy and overcast this month.  So the pool hasn’t had a lot of direct sun.  Therefore, it was rather chilly. Emily wore her wetsuit and got geared up but was shivering in a matter of minutes.  Although we had a hood and gloves for her to wear, we hadn’t brought them since we didn’t think it would be cold enough.  Bill worked with her on a couple of things and she was doing really well. Unfortunately, he had to cut it kind of short because she was shivering so badly.  In addition, when they went down to the bottom (only 8 ft), she had problems equalizing her ears and they were still hurting her once she got back up.  She had a minor cold so I don’t think that helped things either.  

As we packed up, Emily didn’t really feel like continuing with the certification with Blake.  She was super cold and the pool, although it was cool, was definitely warmer than the ocean temperature in California.  I can’t say that I blame her either.  When I got certified, my wet suit did not fit at all.  I got tons of water in my torso and the wetsuit couldn’t really do a good job of maintaining the warmth.  When I had to dive in the Oklahoma lake, I was shivering up a storm and hated the whole thing.  It was only once I got a wetsuit that actually fit, that I decided that I might actually enjoy diving.  So I would rather have her in a more comfortable environment so that she can make sure she has learned her skills well and isn’t so stressed out about the cold.  It is disappointing since this is the THIRD time Blake has tried to certify Emily and it hasn’t turned out well.  The first time she was grounded, and the second time she ended up going to stay with my sister over the summer.  Ah well…c’est la vie. 

Speaking of Blake, he arrived safe and sound Saturday night.  He rode his motorcycle all the way from Portland with 50 lbs of SCUBA gear perched on the back.  Sunday, he and Bill left early and went on several dives off the coast.  They said they went well.  The plan for tomorrow is to get the truck and hopefully, they will be able to load everything in one day.  Tuesday we’ll get the carpets cleaned and Wednesday, if everything is going well, we may be able to relax and enjoy our last day in California.  Hopefully, everything goes well.  Starting tomorrow, I will be sending out daily email updates so that everyone can keep track with how our move is going.  Just like in Florida, I can hijack a wireless signal from my neighbor, so I don’t have good quality internet, but I have enough so that I can check and send emails.  

I got some bad news about the St. Petersburg house today though.  I had a handywoman check out the house because there was a leak under the backdoor.  She called to let me know what she needed to do to repair it, and it was pretty minor.  Unfortunately, she also informed me that it turns out the house is completely infested with FLEAS!!! ARGH!  And I already returned the security deposit too….So I will have to get that taken care of before we arrive.  Plus I had completely not even considered the fact that the lawn wasn’t getting mowed since the end of May.  The handywoman said the neighbor told her that she actually mowed it for us once because it had gotten quite long.  I can’t believe I never even thought about that.  So I will also be calling a lawn service to go out and mow at least once since we’re not going to be there for another week.  And I’m sure super long lawns are not helping the fleas that are most certainly in the yard as well.  That was one good thing about California is that the flea population is MUCH less than Florida.  

Well that about wraps it up for me.  Today I at least have the luxury of sitting on a couch. Tomorrow, hopefully everything will be loaded so I will only have the floor and some air mattresses to keep me “comfortable”.  I hope all of you had a great weekend and I look forward to hearing from you all!

 
 Hello again everyone!  Hope you all had a great week! 

Well it’s really getting down to the wire now.  This last week was spent packing most everything else left in the house.  Most of the big furniture items have already been moved downstairs.  This last week will be packing up the last of the stuff and we’ll be living on the bare bones minimum.  It’ll stink but hopefully it’ll be worth it so that the loading and moving will be a snap.  I'm hoping to have everything packed up and ready to load by Saturday.

Emily left on her class trip bright and early Monday morning.  We had to drop her off at the school at 6:30 in the morning, so it wasn’t too fun for anyone.  They arrived in San Francisco midmorning.  I hope she has a great time.  She’ll get to see some great sights and hopefully have some good last minutes with her classmates before she leaves the state for good. 

I’ve spent most of my time at work, figuring out how I’ll continue doing everything once I’m in Florida.  Most of the things should work out OK and realistically, I’m only working for them through July.  After that, I don’t know what will happen.  I really don’t think I want to continue but I’m going to take it one step at a time.  I am glad that I stayed for the short term though because it’s nice to have this job during the whole moving process.  

On Friday, we finally did something we’d been meaning to do, almost since the day we arrived.  Our neighborhood is located at the bottom of a large hill.  On the hillside is a large white “E” which I assume stands for Escondido.  Emily can see it from her bedroom window.  Despite talking about it several times, we never took the time to hike up to the E.  Well on Friday, we decided to do so.  It really wasn’t that far from our house, but the hillside that it is on was rather steep.  Bill has a GPS unit and we have, from time to time, enjoyed “Geocaching”.  Geocaching is where people with GPS units hide ‘treasure boxes’ somewhere and post the coordinates online.  When you find a box, you are supposed to take something from the box and then leave something else in the box.  It’s just a fun type of treasure hunt and usually there is a sign in book so you can see how many other people have found the cache and when they found it.  According to the website Bill uses, there was a geocache near the “E” so he took his GPS along for the hike.  

We arrived at the E fairly quickly but Emily was a bit nervous to walk up the side of the hill.  It was rather steep.  Bill went right up because he was after the geocache.  Emily got up her nerves to continue most of the way up eventually.  Sure enough, Bill found the geocache.  The box contained a large sign-in book and a bunch of small trinkets.  Most people put in plastic toys, cards, etc.  We left a card with our names on it and signed the book.  Bill then left the geocache where he found it.  The people that found it before us found it sometime in May.  

Once we were done looking at the E, there was a trail that we decided to follow a little further up the hill. It led to this old fashioned “water tower” that we could see from our house.  Much to our surprise, once we arrived at the “water tower” we discovered that it wasn’t a water tower at all!  It looks like it was a cleverly disguised cell phone tower.  That certainly beats the stupid fake pine trees and palm tree cell phone towers that I see all over the place.  Those just look so fake.  Anyhow, once we reached the water tower, we decided to continue the rest of the way to the top of the hill.  It was a bit of a hike but it was well worth it.  The view of Escondido and beyond was quite nice.  It’s something that both Bill and I will miss.  The only panoramic view you can get in Florida is from the top of buildings or from the top of bridges.  Otherwise, it is flat flat flat.  You can see a few pictures from our hiking trip if you go here http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100160   

Over the weekend, I was asked to work as a relief veterinarian at a clinic in the LA area, Ontario, California to be more exact.  Because they needed me both Saturday and Sunday, they put me up at a hotel near the clinic overnight so that I didn’t have to drive back and forth on Saturday night.  I was thrilled to stay over night because I got to fulfill a minor wish of mine.  I always thought it would be so cool to be a resident of a particular California city just because the name was so awesome.  Although I just stayed one night, I consider my wish granted because for at least one day, I was living in Rancho Cucamonga!  How awesome a city name is that!  Anyhow, although I was happy to get some extra shifts in before the move, I was really not happy about not having the weekend to spend finalizing packing and cleaning.  I’m really going to have to step it up this week. 

On Saturday, Bill was asked to work as a dive master.  Because I was in LA, Bill agreed only if Emily could come along on the boat.  The owners of the boat are friends of his and they were fine with that.  It turns out that there were other kids her age that were going to be on the boat because they had recently become SCUBA certified and were going on their first dive.  Well the kids all got together and started chatting.  Turns out the kids had actually seen some of the YouTube posts that Emily had posted!  And the kids actually knew some of her classmates.  And the weirdest thing is that Emily has a friend at her school that was recently SCUBA certified.  The guy that had certified him was ALSO on the boat!  It is a small world sometimes.  Emily said she enjoyed her time even though she had to stay on the boat the whole time.  She said there really wasn’t a lot of time spent waiting since there were SO many people on the boat that by the time the last people got into the water for their dive, the first people were coming out.  On the way back, Emily says there were several dolphins that were bow riding and that was pretty cool. 

Well that’s about it for me.  This is the last week I have to get everything ready.  Blake arrives on Saturday to get Emily SCUBA certified and then we get the truck a few days after that.  And unfortunately for me, it looks like it will be a busy work week so it’s going to be a real challenge trying to balance work and my needs to get everything done.  As I did last year, I will probably send out daily emails throughout the course of our move.  I certainly hope I don’t have as many problems to talk about!  Hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope your all had a great week! 

Well it’s full blown pack-o-rama here at the Keller manor.  I have packed up most of the kitchen so we are eating off of paper plates.  Bill’s cooking is now severely limited by the amount of pans that remain unpacked.  So, much to his disdain, we have stocked up on a lot of frozen food goods.  It is really hard to believe that we only have 2 weeks left until we leave.  And less than that until we have to start loading the truck.  It’s really coming fast. 

This is Emily’s last real week of school.  Next week she’ll be away on a class trip to San Francisco.  The camp where they stay is an educational organization located just north of the Golden Gate Bridge.  She doesn’t seem that excited about it but I think its way cool.  I’d certainly be willing to trade her places!  I’m glad she’ll get to see more of California before she leaves.  Plus, it will give her a lot of cool stuff to do.  As the house becomes more and more packed, she has less and less to do so it’s been kind of tough on her. 

The weather here has been rather gloomy over this last week.  People in Southern California have a name for it.  They refer to it as “May gray” and “June gloom”.  I think a week went by where I didn’t see the sun at all.  And it was actually kind of cold.  In fact, Emily had a pool party scheduled with her Girl Scout troop on Sunday.  Unfortunately, because of the weather, it was cancelled.  Makes me look forward to getting back to Florida!

 Our St. Petersburg tenants have officially left our house.  I had a friend of mine do a walk through with them (thanks Jarrod!) and he reports that they left the house immaculate.  So that is good.  However, (and we knew this before they left), there is a pretty significant leak under the door from the backyard so it is likely that the carpet in the rear of the house will need to be replaced.  Plus, he said that he thinks termites may have been the culprit.  So that is majorly concerning.  Our tenants in our Gainesville house have also left and apparently caused some damage which will be coming out of their deposit.  Unfortunately, we don’t have anyone set to move into that house any time soon.  I certainly hope that changes soon.  Paying double mortgages is getting really old. 

 It’s been awhile since I’ve had a current events diatribe, but I’m about fed up with the way things are going so I thought I’d vent a bit.  Feel free to skip to the end if you would like to avoid my annoying bantering.  The speed and rate at which things are changing in this country is breathtaking and frightening.  Who would have though a year ago that the US would be a major owner of 2 major car companies, several banks, and a huge insurance company?  According to dictionary.com the definition of socialism is as follows “a theory or system of social organization that advocates the vesting of the ownership and control of the means of production and distribution, of capital, land, etc., in the community as a whole”.  So when the community of the US owns and controls car companies (such as firing CEOs and ordering task forces to determine their future direction) I don’t see any other way of looking at that other than socialism.  What’s even scarier to me is that the Obama administration can appoint this task force or the “internet czar” that has been mentioned.  These people are not voted on by the people, they are not confirmed by the senate, their positions are not bound by any particular rules since their positions were just “made up”, and they essentially answer to nobody.  For example, the internet czar will have the power to limit access to the internet “in times of emergency”.  The “times of emergency” is not defined and is totally subjective.  So at the whim of someone we didn’t vote in and can’t vote out, we can have our access to the free information to the internet limited.  I find this extremely disturbing.  And this week, there was an article in the Russian magazine “Pravda”.  The Russians themselves are saying that America is going down the road to communism, warning us against it, and saying that it appears that Americans don’t seem to be doing anything about it.  I will quote a former Socialist Party (American) presidential candidate Norman Thomas, who I think made a very accurate prediction.  He said “The American people will never knowingly adopt Socialism, but under then name of Liberalism, they will adopt every fragment of the Socialist program until one day America will be a Socialist nation without knowing how it happened.”  Feel free to look that up.

I heard an interview the other day with senator Jim Demint from South Carolina.  He stated that he didn’t feel that most of the actions of this administration were even constitutional, but he couldn’t do anything about it.  He said that most of the senators are in somebody’s pocket and as long as their state is getting the earmarks that they want, they are fine looking the other way.  When a US senator says, he can’t do anything to help and hopes that the people organize to do something, I think these are scary times indeed.  

Well I think I’ve depressed myself enough.  If anyone has differing opinions, I welcome friendly banter.  I like getting differing opinions.  That’s about enough from me.  Kind of a shorter email, but as you all know, I have got a LOT to do in the next few weeks.  I hope you are all doing well and I love getting your emails.  Have a great week and I’ll be in touch!

 Hello again to you all!  I hope you all enjoyed your Memorial Day weekend!
 
As has been the case these recent weeks, our life is now revolving around slowly disassembling our house.  Over the weekend, we managed to bring most of the furniture downstairs.  Given that we still have 3 weeks left before the truck loading begins, I feel comfortable with our packing situation.  We seem to be right on track so I’m not stressing out too much.  We’ve gotten to the point though, where anything else that we pack is going to start to severely affect our quality of life.  But that’s just the way it’s gotta be!
 
In animal news, I think the dogs are officially going insane.  I don’t know if it’s reacting to all the upheaval going on around them or what but they have been rather destructive lately.  I recounted the episode where one of the dogs completely ate 3 or 4 pages out of my spiral notebook.  Well they one upped that episode this week.  Unfortunately, the “paper” that they grabbed from the coffee table and decided to chew up consisted of green US currency.  So that MAJORLY sucked.   
 
This weekend we went to the movies for the first time since we’ve been in California.  We went to see the new Star Trek movie.  Emily and I thought it was really good.  Bill thought it was OK.  He hates Star Trek story arcs that revolve around time travel so that kind of bugged him.  He thinks it has been way overdone in the Star Trek world.  He’s probably right, but I still thought it was really good.  That group of characters would make a great TV show!  Then on Monday, Emily went with a large group of her friends to see the new Night at the Museum movie.  Bill and I called it her Not-A-Date.  She is very good friends with a boy at her school.  All the other kids tease them both about them being an item.  She’s observed that by ignoring the other kids, the teasing decreases.  It was her friend’s idea to get a bunch of them together for some lunch and a movie.  So she spent Monday afternoon doing that.  She said the movie was really good.  And as I said, it was NOT a date.
 
In health news, Bill has really been working on his running training plan.  He started running almost 2 months ago and has really been doing well.  He’s on a specific training plan that increases the distance every week.  Over the winter, I kind of stopped my triathlon training.  Because Bill was running all the time, I decided I would start the running again.  I just don’t have time to do full blown triathlon training right now, but running every other day is certainly doable.  Because I had been running previously, I decided I would use his training plan but start in the middle where he was.  So I got ready to go and got Foofer ready to go.  I had been taking her running with me previously and wanted to continue to do so.  Unfortunately, Foofer appeared to have lost a lot more conditioning than I had.  We completely failed the first planned run because I decided to run in the middle of the day and completely wore her out.  So we walked back home and I decided to try the run again in 2 days.  The next time, I went out in the morning.  Foofer did better, but still completely failed the attempt.  So the next time, I went in the morning and backed down to a shorter training routine.  Once again, Foofer failed but came a bit closer to completion.  Finally, on our last run, after backing down the routine yet AGAIN, we successfully completed our run.  Unfortunately, Foofer has been a major slow down for me, but as I told Bill, if I don’t get her up to speed now, then I’ll never be able to go running with her.
 
As for Nina, she’s too old to go running.  And unfortunately, although her surgical incision has healed well, the mass on her leg is already regrowing.  I knew there was no way I had completely removed it when I did the surgery originally.  So far, the mass is still rather small.  My plan is to get her to Florida and then I’ll do another surgery.  Other than her leg, Nina is doing fairly well.  I brought my cat Chaplin to work with me recently so I could do a thorough exam and update his vaccines.  Unfortunately, I found out that now Chaplin has a heart murmur that he didn’t have previously.  It’s not surprising since he is 16 years old, but it’s still a little sad.  He’s not showing any signs of heart failure right now, but it certainly warrants further investigation.  As with Nina, I will wait till we’re in Florida before I do that.
 
This last week, Emily worked on completing Girl Scout requirements and successfully earned her Surfing patch.  Kind of surprising considering that she didn’t enjoy surfing, but she had already completed part of it and the rest of the requirements involved learning things that were beneficial regardless of whether you are a surfer or a diver.  She had to learn about rip currents, jellyfish and stingray sting treatments, learning about tides etc.  So kudos to her for earning a California specific patch!
 
Well that’s about it for me.  Hard to believe that a year ago today, we were loading up a truck thinking that we were moving to California for good.  Now here we are prepping for a move to Florida that we think is for good.  For all our sakes, I certainly hope we are right this time!  Hope everyone enjoys the rest of their week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!
 
 Hello again to you all!  Hope you had a great week!

 

This last week went well.  Working from home part time has really helped a lot.  It’s a good practice for when I’ll be completely gone.  It’s getting everybody used to the idea of not always having me around.  When I’m not working for Hubbs, I’m working non-stop on getting moving stuff coordinated and getting things packed up.  We are fixing some minor things on Bill’s car so that we are sure it’ll make it cross country and I will be updating all our animal’s vaccines so that everything is completely up to date.  I’d hate to get stuck somewhere, need to put them in a kennel, and then find that they can’t be accepted because of some vaccine issue.  It’s scary how time seems to be going so fast now.  Only one month until the move.  Much like our final days in Florida, I’m becoming a lot more nostalgic about things.  Both Bill and I have mentioned to each other how we will miss having topography.  We are going back to flat flat terrain.  I will miss having shade actually be refreshing.  In Florida, shade just allows you to not get sunburnt.  The heat factor remains the same.  But we still feel that this is the best move for us and we are anxious to get it over with.

 

On Saturday, we took the time to do something that was LOONG overdue.  We finally visited the San Diego Zoo.  Both Bill and I visited the zoo when we were Emily’s age or younger (separately of course).  We’ve wanted to visit again since we moved here but just never took the time to do so.  Realizing that we only have 4 weekends left, we finally did so.  It was a pretty nice day on Saturday (although it was a slight bit cool for my taste).  The last time I visited the zoo, I was 12 and I had to push a stroller around the zoo that contained my brother (the stroller not the zoo (although that would have made sense too)).  That is perhaps why I didn’t remember the zoo in a very favorable light.  I remember it having tons of hills which made it more of a work out than a fun adventure.  Plus I remember thinking that San Diego sucked because we spent all day there and I never saw anything but gloomy gray sky.  It seems that in the time since my last visit and the present, not much has changed other than my attitude. 

 

I enjoyed this visit a lot more.  I think the lack of a stroller was a definite plus.  But also, the exhibits seemed a little better spread out.  Plus, through a fortunate series of events, we ended going downhill more than we went up.  When we needed to go up, we ended up taking the sky tram or a tour bus.  The exhibits themselves were nice.  We saw a lot of animals that aren’t in most zoos such as the Giant Panda.  That was very cool.  And the weather was slightly better than my first visit.  It was only gloomy gray sky until about 2 pm, then the sun actually burned away the marine layer and we had some sun till the evening.  One of the most interesting/disturbing exhibits was the insect house.  They had some massively big and disgusting creatures in that place.  Not withstanding the terrible political climate and the propensity for horrible diseases, I am SO glad I don’t live in Africa.  Most of those horrifying creatures came from there.  If you are interested in seeing a few pictures from our zoo visit, including a big gross bug, you can go here http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100144

 

On Sunday, Emily got to learn archery with her Girl Scout troop.  She said she really enjoyed it.  She’s also going to be working on a few patches that are San Diego/California specific, such as the surfing patch.  You may recall that she wasn’t that thrilled with surfing and that hasn’t changed.  But since we took surfing lessons and learned about surfing, she’s already fulfilled some of the requirements for the patch.  So we’ll just work on a few more things that more informative rather than action packed in order to get the patch.  That way she’ll have some patches that her Florida troop-mates can never have!  There is one picture of her learning archery in the link with the zoo pictures.

 

Monday (today) was Bill’s birthday.  Because we are in the midst of a move, we kept it low key.  We had a celebratory dinner at Killer Pizza from Mars (of course) and then had some delicious German Chocolate birthday cake.  I’d already packed our wrapping paper and didn’t want to buy more, so I ended up wrapping Bill’s present in brown packing paper.  Then I couldn’t find my scotch tape so had to use packing tape to close it!  This moving thing is quite annoying!

 

Well that’s about it for this week.  I hope you all have a great week and enjoy your Memorial Day weekend.  Last Memorial Day, we were loading our truck for California.  We don’t have anything special planned this year, but even sitting around the house with the Swine…I mean H1NI flu virus would be better than going through that AGAIN.  Hopefully this move will be smoother.  Enjoy your week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope you all had a great week! 

This was the first week of my new job arrangement.  I’m supposed to only go in twice a week and then work from home 2 days.  But as fate would have it, I ended up going in 3 times last week because of various issues.  Although it’s just my first week, I’ve found it difficult giving up a lot of the tasks that I’ve become accustomed to doing.  I’ve had to become very conscious about making sure that I’m delegating things to others.  I won’t be around in a month so this is the time for everyone to get used to doing without me.  I still haven’t heard anything about whether they will get a replacement vet.  I certainly hope so.  This week, I’m planning on only going to work on Monday and Tuesday.  Let’s see if I can stick to that regime.  The extra time has been nice so that I can get a lot of the packing work done.  

Nina continues to do well.  The wound has healed and the mass is but a distant memory.  I was kicking myself that I never took a picture.  Speaking of dogs, I thought I’d tell you about an odd occurrence this week.  As I’ve mentioned, I put a list of everything I pack into a computer database.  While I’m packing a box, I write down the stuff in a notebook, that way I don’t have to keep running back and forth to my computer.  Then at the end of packing, I’ll get the notebook and enter the data into the computer.  I was packing earlier this week and left the notebook on a box.  The next morning, the notebook was inexplicably on the floor.  I didn’t think much about it and kept on packing.  But when I went to add something to the list of one of my open boxes, I couldn’t find the list.  It was only after searching through pages and pages of my notes that I realized that there were several pages missing.  Once I looked closely, I could see the very corners of 3-4 pages of my notes completely gone.  For some reason, one of the dogs (I’m assuming) moved the notebook to the ground and proceeded to tear out 3-4 pages out of the spiral notebook almost perfectly and then ate them completely.  Unbelievable!  I told Emily that now, if she ever uses the “the dog ate my homework excuse” I’ll believe her.  

This was another busy week in the packing arena.  I have already started breaking down furniture.  Bill completely disassembled all our beds so we are now just sleeping on mattresses on the floor.  Emily continues to grow like a weed so although we cleaned out her closet last year before the move, we had to do so again this year.  She also got rid of a lot of toys and other things in her closet.  That resulted in a lot of unneeded stuff.  So I decided to have a one day garage sale on Saturday.  We got up early and set out our signs and before I even had a chance to get back to the house, we had people stopping at our house.  It was crazy!  We didn’t have THAT much stuff but the main stuff that I wanted to get rid of got sold.  That should make our move a little bit lighter. 

The planning for the move is also getting more frenzied.  I have to coordinate our tenants leaving our house at the end of this month.  That means I’ve got to get utilities switched over and plan for shut offs at our current house etc.  Time is going so quickly now and more and more things need to get done.  We also have the added headache of having our tenants in our Gainesville house leaving this month.  So far, that house has not been re-rented.  We’re keeping our fingers crossed on that one but from this distance, there’s not a whole lot we can do right now. 

Well that’s it for me this week.  I’m keeping it super short and sweet because I’ve got way too much to do right now.  I hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Greetings again everyone!  I hope you all had a great week!
 
In job news, this was the week where I had to tell all my coworkers “Oh I was KIDDING about this being my last week.”  They found out on Tuesday.  Unfortunately, they had already been planning a bon voyage get together.  Fortunately, they decided that they would go through with it anyway and then just have another one in June.  So we went out on Thursday night.  It was nice to spend some time with them AWAY from the job.   Most everyone was relieved to hear I wasn’t quite leaving just yet. 
 
This was another week spent doing some heavy duty packing.  Bill’s good friend Blake has GENEROUSLY offered to come down and help us load the truck in June.  That’s been a great load off my mind since I clearly remember being petrified while helping Bill load some of the larger furniture.  One wrong move and I could have either dropped a large object and broken it, or broken my husband.  Both of which would be expensive to deal with and make me feel guilty.  Since he’ll be here, the loading of the truck should take considerably less time that when we were in Florida, where it took us all of 4 LOOOONG days.  Part of the reason it took so long though was that at the last minute, I was still packing and preparing furniture etc.  So this time, I’m bound and determined to have everything ready to load up on the day that Blake arrives.  Fortunately with my new schedule at work, I should have the time to make that a reality.  I’m being super aggressive about packing everything up.  If we don’t need it to survive in our last week, then it’s getting packed.  If it turns out we DO need it before then, then we have Bill’s database program to find out what box the desired item is in.  So far, I’ve only had to reopen two things. 
 
The OTHER reason for Blake coming down and helping is that he will finally be able to certify Emily to SCUBA dive.  Emily has done all of the book work necessary to get certified.  She just needs to complete some dives under the supervision of a Dive Instructor.  Blake is a Dive Instructor and will graciously take Emily through the whole process so that she can become officially certified.  That will make diving with Bill a whole lot easier since now Emily can come with us.  I haven’t been diving in a super long time so I’m probably pretty rusty.  My main concern about this plan was that things are always super crazy right before a move and I wasn’t sure this would work out.  But if I do my job right, then Bill and Blake should be able to load the truck up in at the most 2 days, possibly less.  So the rest of the time should be available for diving.  Let’s hope it works out that way. 
 
The other thing that I’ve done this week has been planning the moving schedule.  Like last time, I planned our daily trips for a typical 8 hour driving day, knowing that it will take longer than that in a giant truck with gas stops, food stops, etc.  I also allow extra time for the mountain driving which will occur on our first day.  The mountains are about an hour East of San Diego.  I remember on our way here that at times, we were going 25 mph.  It’s worked out that we will stop at different places on our way back, than when we came.  Our first night will be in Tucson, AZ.  Our second night will be in Ft. Stockton, TX, our third night in Beaumont, TX, and our last night will be in Pensacola, FL.  So you can plan on whiny, complainy emails arriving in your email boxes on the third day because I will have spent the entire day driving through boring old Texas.  Our plan of attack is the same.  Bill will drive the truck which will tow my car.  I will drive Bill’s car which will house the animals.  Unfortunately, we’ll be going with one less cat than we came with :(  The only good thing about that is that he was the main problem during the trip, so I expect our animal issues to be a lot less. 
 
In Emily news, this weekend, she took part in a science program for girls.  It is a county-wide program that 7th and 8th grade girls attend.  The goal is to get girls excited about science and science careers.  They have to apply to the program and then are randomly assigned to one of three places where the programs take place.  This year, the programs took place either at Legoland Sealife Aquarium, the San Diego Wild Animal Park conservation center, or Hubbs-SeaWorld Research Institute (where I work).  The program tries to pick only a maximum of 2 girls from each school (and then sends them to separate places).  They want all girls to be on an even footing in terms of not knowing anyone.  The application also stated that you cannot state a preference for one program over another.  When Emily applied, I sent in a separate letter where I explained that I wasn’t requesting one over the other, but I was requesting that she NOT get assigned to Hubbs.  Since she’d been there several times, I felt it wouldn’t be fair since she’d kind of have the upper hand on familiarity and knowledge.  The program head emailed me and told me she completely understood and agreed with my reasoning.  So Emily ended up being assigned to the program at Legoland.
 
Although we visited Legoland last summer, the aquarium hadn’t opened yet.  It opened less than a year ago.  The program entailed an overnight sleepover, so we dropped Emily off at around 6 pm at the aquarium.  She got checked in the girls were ushered into the aquarium.  Bill and I took the opportunity of being childless to go out to eat.  Once we got home, we watched the movie “The DaVinci Code” which we both had read but hadn’t yet watched.  It was pretty good but I definitely enjoyed the book better. 
 
I picked up Emily the next morning at 9am.  She said she enjoyed her time there.  They had a lecture given to them by a local scientist and then they broke up into little workshops where they did science related things.  They also received a tour of the aquarium.  The Legoland aquarium apparently has a neat feature where they have little tunnels that go into the different aquariums and end in a bubble room INSIDE the aquarium.  That way you can kind of see the fish completely around you.  Emily spent the night in one of the tunnels.  She said the next morning when she opened her eyes she could see fish swimming around above her.  The neat thing about the program is that once they complete the program, they become alumni and can then take part in smaller, more in-depth science programs.  Unfortunately, we’re moving.  But if the opportunity is cool enough, it might be worth a quick visit back for the weekend or something!
 
In Nina news, her leg has healed up great.  I removed the stitches on Saturday and the incision has healed well.  I had to put her on some antibiotics because her wound was a little oozy due to her having licked at it.  But that area has healed up.  She no longer has to wear the cone on her head and she isn’t bothering the incision.  I picked up 4 SeaWorld tickets for the vet and his family.  They are just a family of 3 but I figured the girl can take a friend or something.  I haven’t given it to them yet but I plan to stop by sometime this week.
 
So that’s about it for me.  Every time I sit down to write, I’m sure that I won’t write but a few paragraphs.  Then 3 pages later, I’m wondering what the heck I wrote about.  So my apologies if I have a tendency to ramble.  I hope you all have a great week, enjoy your Cinco de Mayo, and stay swine-flu free!
 A big swine flu greeting to you all!  Hope you are keeping yourself happy and healthy!

 

This week was quite interesting.  As I mentioned in my last email, the temperature had begun to rise over the last weekend.  Well by Tuesday, we were firmly in triple digit temperatures at our house and as you recall, we don’t have air conditioning.  So those days weren’t fun.  We ate cold cut sandwiches because we didn’t want to cook or eat anything warm.  We didn’t get much accomplished other than sitting around feeling worn out.  Luckily by midweek, the wind shifted and by Friday, I was chilly in the mornings once again.  What a strange state!

 

My sister has decided to pay us a visit once we’re back in Florida.  She’ll be visiting with her whole clan only a few weeks after we arrive.  I won’t be able to take the whole time off and I’ve already warned her that I will probably have to work some of those days.  But she’ll still be able to take Emily and her cousins to wherever they choose to go.  We’ll have to scramble to get our stuff unpacked before they arrive.  Nothing like a little incentive to get our butts in gear!

 

In work related news it’s been quite the interesting week.  As I mentioned last week, I was presented with a contract so that I could continue helping Hubbs out as needed.  Well as things developed, it quickly morphed into a full fledged offer to stay on (with the understanding that I was still moving to Florida).  I went back and forth many times on whether to accept the offer or not, and made firm decisions both ways.  It wasn’t a bad deal but it changes my role slightly.  The reasons for shifting my role make sense, but I wasn’t too keen on it.  After weighing all the options, I decided to take them up on their offer.  It will allow me to stay on full time but with fewer hours per week.  In addition, I will only need to go in twice a week and will work the remainder of the time from home.  This will allow me the time to get all my packing done, make arrangements for the move, and pick up the occasional relief shift from time to time.  I’ll at least work for them through July, so once I’m in Florida, I’ll continue to work from home some days, and then I’ll need to drive to their offices in Orlando or Melbourne a few times.  After July, we’ll reassess.  That way, if I don’t like the distance or the job, I can say goodbye at that point.  This is a nice transition position so I think it is the best thing for us right now.

 

In animal news, I know that I’ve mentioned previously, that my dog Nina had developed a mass on her leg.  For the most part, it wasn’t causing any issues.  She limped for a few days a few months ago, but since then it hadn’t caused any problems.  I figured it was a fatty tumor and planned to remove it once I got back to Florida.  Unfortunately, over the last few weeks, the mass had begun to grow significantly.  It had become very large and was misshapen.  Nina was limping significantly.  Knowing that I couldn’t wait until I got back to Florida, I called a local vet clinic to set up an appointment.  They told me they could see Nina in an hour.  I was already at work so I called Bill to see if he could take her in.  Much to my surprise, he was quite reticent about doing so.  He didn’t feel comfortable doing that and didn’t really know what to say or do.  I told him that he didn’t need to do anything!  He was just the owner and the vet would decide what to do.  Although he said he would do it, I could tell he wasn’t comfortable doing so.  As he put it “I married a vet so I’ve never actually had to take my dog to the vet”.  Because of this, I called the clinic back and explained the WHOLE situation to them and asked if I could bring her in later in the day.  They told me I could come in at 5pm.  I left work a bit early so that I could collect Nina and take her to the local clinic.  When I arrived, they had been expecting me.  On the phone, I had explained that I was a fish vet and didn’t have a place to work on her myself.  The receptionist/vet tech asked me all about my job while the vet was finishing up in a room.  She was very nice and friendly.  When the vet got out, he looked at the mass and said “Oooooh that looks really bad” (which I knew) and “That’s really in a bad place to have to remove a mass” (which I also knew).  It was at that point that he asked if I did surgery and would I be willing to remove it.  I willingly agreed to do so since that was my original plan.  They offered to let me use their clinic the following morning.  I discovered through talking with them that they were married and owned the clinic.  They had an 8 year old daughter that they home schooled and so they were able to have her there at the clinic most days.  Anyhow, we set up a time and I arranged to go into work late the next day.

 

The following day (Thursday), I got Nina set up for surgery.  The vet had gotten all the necessary materials ready for me and in no time, Nina was under the knife.  Although the vet and his wife were really nice and I appreciated all their generosity, they really did NOT have a very modern clinic.  There were so many things that they do that I would NEVER do normally.  Not that it was necessarily bad, but there are much better ways to do a lot of things.  But anyway, I had what I needed to remove her mass.  It was a very nasty mass and was definitely NOT a fatty tumor.  It took about an hour to remove and I had to go down to the bone to get it all.  Luckily, there weren’t any major vessels or nerves involved with it which was my main concern.  It was funny during the surgery because the daughter just kind of hung out with me and watched.  Because Emily often has done the same thing, it didn’t seem weird at all to have a little girl watching a gory procedure.  The vet seemed so nervous about everything and was apologizing for all the things that he didn’t have or that weren’t as high tech as other clinics.  Although it was frustrating to have to use catgut (an old school type suture material), everything worked out OK.  Nina recovered well from the anesthesia and has done great since then.  She has to wear the cone on her head since she keeps licking at her stitches but the mass is gone and her limping has resolved.  I opted not to submit the mass for pathology because Nina is 14 years old.  I wouldn’t care what the results were, I wouldn’t change the way I treat her medically.

 

At the conclusion of the surgery, I asked what I owed them.  The vet said not to worry about it because he doesn’t like to charge other vets.  I told him that I didn’t like to take things from other vets either.  I asked to at least pay for the consumables such as bandages, drugs, suture etc.  He said he’d get with his wife and figure something out.    Well I took Nina back there today so that they could see how she was doing.  They were thrilled to see how well she looked and how good the incision was healing.  I again asked how much I owed.  The vet again said he didn’t want anything but wouldn’t mind SeaWorld tickets.  Luckily, even though I’m not a SeaWorld employee, we still are able to get 2 tickets a year.  So I will get those tickets and give them to the vet and his family.  They were so nice and I enjoyed meeting them.  Bill says that because of this, vet school has finally paid off.  Well it’s about time!

 

On Saturday, we took advantage of our local criminals and went to the San Diego police auction.  I’d seen a story on it on TV and decided that it might be fun to take a look.  My main interest was in bikes.  I’ve been bad about my triathlon training, but once I get back to Florida, I definitely want to continue.  The bike I have though is horrible, and I’d love to get a better one.  So we thought we’d see what they had.  Well, the news story apparently caused half the town to show up.  The place was PACKED.  They had TONS of bikes of all types as well as electronics, musical instruments, clothes, designer bags, jewelry, coins, etc.  All of this stuff was apparently stuff that had been stolen and for some reason, couldn’t be returned to the victim.  When we arrived, we looked at the various items and wrote down any lot numbers that were of interest.  There was really only one GOOD bike for racing practices and it was getting a lot of attention.  There was another bike that would have been OK but wasn’t great.  We also wrote down the numbers of a couple of other bikes that would have been good for Emily.  She’s pretty much outgrown the bike she has.  Well, the auction took a long time.  It started at 10 am and they didn’t get to the bike I was interested in until close to 1.  Not surprisingly, the bidding was fierce and it ended up going for $575 so I wasn’t going to bid that high even though it was still probably a good deal.  Bill ended up winning a bid on a bike for $60.00 but once he got it, he realized it wasn’t the bike he thought.  So there is some work that needs to be done before it can be ridden.  The auction on Emily’s bike was so fast we didn’t even have time to bid!  It was towards the end of the auction and I think the auctioneer was just trying to go as fast as possible.  All in all it was an interesting experience.  Most of the stuff wasn’t worth it but there were definitely some deals to be had.  I’d certainly be interested in attending another one!

 

Lastly, I thought I’d say a few things about the swine flu.  As you may know, there have been cases here in San Diego.  In fact, as I drove home today, I learned that there was a local school that was being closed because 6 teachers had become ill.  So it’s out here.  But so far, all the American cases have been relatively mild.  It may be that the patients pursued healthcare quicker than those in Mexico (who died), or it may be that a previous strain of flu that went through the US (and not Mexico) was similar in structure to the current swine flu, giving us a small level of protection while the Mexicans remain relatively unprotected.  Whatever the reason, there is certainly cause for concern, but I don’t see a need for panic.  Most schools here remain open and I plan to continue to go to work.  Emily’s school remains open.  The news media seems to have gone crazy and seems intent on causing a panic.  I saw a news report today that showed the US/Mexico border and in a serious and concerned tone, mentioned that with the presence of the flu in the area, some people have to wait 2 hours at the border to get across to the US.  Apparently, they didn’t bother to find out what the normal wait time is, because the average wait time is from 90 minutes to 2 hours.  I hear the wait times on the local traffic reports all the time and I have experienced the long wait personally.  So basically, they could have said “sooo….everything is the same at the border today”.  That would have made a lot more sense and caused a lot less panic.  As I’ve reminded you time and time again, NEVER believe what you hear without independent verification of the facts.  I have made it a habit to check both Foxnews.com and CNN.com for my news.  I highly recommend it to everyone.  You’ll find stories on one as the top headline and it won’t even be mentioned on the other site.  As president Obama’s chief of staff Rahm Emanuel once said, “You never want a serious crisis to go to waste.”  So basically, when times are tough, SOMEONE SOMEWHERE may be trying to convince you of something.  Just keep that in mind.  Again, I’m not saying the swine flu isn’t serious.  It most certainly is and we’ll have to keep a close eye on it, but at this point, I don’t see a reason to change anything that I nor my family does.  It is a very fluid story and more and more cases are developing by the minute.  I hope all of you remain healthy and happy.

 

Well that’s about it for me.  The packing continues at the Keller household.  I’m being quite aggressive about it too.  I don’t want last minute packing like last time.  I hope you all have a great week and I’ll be in touch!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope you all had a great week!
 
For those of you in the US, you all know what week this was.  TAX WEEK!  Just like the most Americans, I procrastinated on getting ours done until this week.  Having moved from a state with no income tax (Florida) to a state WITH income tax (California), I am quite disgusted with having to pay so much to a state that can’t seem to keep their finances in order.  That makes me look forward even more to moving back.  Speaking of taxes, I have a tax-week diatribe at the end of the email.  If you want to remain happy and blissfully unaware, please avoid reading it. 
 
In healthcare related news, you all may remember my recent visit to the ER.  The one where I waited 4 hours and finally left without seeing a physician.  Remember that one?  Well I received the bill for that event last week.  Because of my insurance, I only have to pay the copay of $100.00.  But the bill was actually $2,000.  When all I got was an EKG upon arrival and then some vital signs taken by the triage nurse.  I thought that was outrageous and called the hospital to complain.  They said that the charges are based on your presenting signs.  Since I came in with something serious, “chest pains”, it automatically brings up those high charges.  (Note to self, always come in with a complaint of “splinter” and then mention your other more serious signs to the physician later on).  I explained that while I certainly feel that charges are warranted since I did get an EKG and I did see the nurse briefly, I felt that $2000, when I never even saw a doctor was inappropriate.  She said there was nothing she could do and anyhow, my insurance already paid.  She stated that I could write a letter to a “Barbara”.  When I asked for “Barbara’s” last name, she wouldn’t give it to me but told me that she was the only “Barbara” there.  I advised her that I would be writing a letter AND writing a letter to my insurance company advising them that the bill seems excessive.  Just because I’m not paying for it outright doesn’t mean that I’m not paying for ridiculous medical bills in general.  The only reason insurance costs are so high is because medical bills are so expensive and (as I think is true in this case) grossly inflated.  So I wrote the hospital a complaint letter AND wrote my insurance company.  The insurance company asked for my permission to use my name in their further investigation of the matter.  I said “be my guest”, since I already wrote the hospital a letter.  So we’ll see what happens with that.
 
This weekend, I finally got down and dirty in my packing.  I got a good portion of the garage organized and packed.  It was quite tiring too because this weekend was extraordinarily warm.  This whole week has actually been very cold so it was a stark contrast this weekend.  It reminded all of us of the unfortunate fact that our house does not have air conditioning.  So the countdown has begun.  The boxes are getting stacked and our life will slowly become more and more uncomfortable as I start packing up all of our stuff.  Here we go again!
 
Speaking of moving, I have 2 weeks left at my job.  I’ve been presented with a draft contract for continued work with Hubbs once I’m in Florida.  Since they are moving full steam ahead with their aquaculture stuff in Florida, I’d be able to help out as needed.  I am having trouble working out the specifics of the contract though.  I either end up doing too much or too little.  I have come up with a counter-proposal that I will be presenting on Tuesday.  I won’t go into it and I may still change it some, but we’ll see how it goes. 
 
WARNING:  Diatribe next!!  You can scroll down to see where the diatribe ends if you prefer to remain blissfully unaware.   The big exciting thing that we did this week was on April 15.  You may have heard about the tea parties that went on throughout the nation on April 15.  For those of you unaware, the actual idea for the tea party came from a rant by a CNBC host who was upset about the size of the bailout.  He yelled that there needed to be a tea party in Chicago.  After that, people kind of took the idea to heart.  The original tea party (as you Americans should know), is because the colonists were tired of taxation without representation.  The tea parties on Wednesday were different.  They were people who were fed up with the government spending like there is no tomorrow.  The TARP bailouts, the Bush Bailouts, the Obama bailouts, the auto bailouts etc.  If you do the math, there is no way to accomplish everything and spend as much as they are, without raising taxes on everyone, not just the top 5% like they keep claiming.  And even though they claim that 95% of American will not see their taxes rise, most of them ALREADY HAVE when it comes to state taxes, sales taxes, cigarette/beer taxes, auto registration fees, gas taxes etc.  For example, Oregon is proposing raising the tax on beer by 1900%!!!!  Yes, that’s nineteen hundred percent!  In addition, if the cap and trade proposal passes, it will significantly increase utility rates for everyone.  THAT is what everyone was protesting.  It wasn’t an anti-Obama issue, especially since it was Bush that really got the ball going.  It’s a STOP THE SPENDING issue.  If it sounds like I’m supportive, you BETCHA.  We had been planning to go to our local tea party in Escondido after I got off work.  During the day, I listened and read the news stories about the tea parties.  It was the reports that I was reading and hearing about that just made me so MAD!  The way the tea parties were portrayed was so biased it was almost scary.  Speaker of the house Pelosi said that it was an “Astroturf” movement because it wasn’t really grassroots; it was really all the plan of some big right wing rich people who didn’t want to pay more taxes.  Well if so, they didn’t talk to me about it.  Another CNN reporter that I heard was actually arguing with the party participants rather than simply reporting.  The protestors were saying that they were protesting against the government spending and she interrupted him to retort that their state of Illinois was actually receiving millions from the stimulus.  I guess she doesn’t realize that the stimulus money comes from the federal government and the federal government gets its money by borrowing from the Chinese and in order to pay back the Chinese, they have to get money from the tax payers.  And then I heard someone else say that all the tea party participants were just a bunch of whiners who don’t want to do their national duty and pay their fair share.  So even though I was tired when I got home, I made it a point to not only go to the tea party, but we even drove further back into San Diego to go to one of the bigger ones in the area.  The one we attended took place right outside of the main post office, therefore, there was a steady line of cars present as they came to drop off their tax returns.  We had prepared our signs (1 for each of us including Emily) and we found ourselves a spot along the road.  It was quite a cold evening, but we all had a blast.  It was a great environment.  Everyone had their signs, people had their flags, and cars kept coming by with their windows down and people were honking their horns in support.  I was encouraged by the amount of support that I saw.  Based on the number of cars coming by that indicated support vs. those that didn’t do anything, I would say roughly 75% were supportive, and this is in California!  Everyone was friendly and people everywhere were talking to one another.  It was a really fun and inspirational time.  You can see a few pictures that Bill took at the tea party here http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100128
 
The commentary that I heard AFTER the tea parties was just as infuriating.  According to the media, Bill, Emily and I are a bunch of dumb whining racists and this whole thing is actually because we can’t stand that there’s a black guy in office.  Other media reports were apparently making frat house type remarks about the tea parties.  I won’t state what they were, but I did have to look up the remarks they were making because I had never heard of the slang they were using.  I guess when comparing college years, THEY spent a lot more time at frat house parties than I did.  But I just found the whole thing very distasteful considering that they consider themselves professional news reporters.  Needless to say, we are fired up.  Even Emily asked when we were going to the next one.  And this entire hullabaloo has inspired Emily.  My child, the one who I have to force to read anything, the one who refuses to even pick out the books I will force her to read, has decided to read Atlas Shrugged.  Speaking of Atlas Shrugged, Bill has decided that at the next tea party, his sign will simply read “Who is John Galt?”  Those of you who’ve read the book will get it. 
 
 
DIATRABE OVER!! 
 
As I write this, I’m pretty exhausted from having packed all weekend in the heat.  I hope you all enjoyed your weekend.  Emily has updated her blog to inform you all on some terrible goings-on.  You can read about it here http://toxicxenargon.blogspot.com/
 
Have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!
 
 Hello again to you all!  I hope you had a great week.  We had quite the busy week since Emily was out of school and I was on vacation. 

 

My mom visited us this week.  She arrived Monday afternoon without any travel issues.  She was thirsty when she arrived at the airport so before leaving to go home, we stopped at an airport McDonalds kiosk.  She ordered a small orange juice and was charged $3 and change.  She looked surprised.  It was at that point that I said “Welcome to California!!”

 

That evening, we pretty much just hung out at home.  Bill made some delicious gumbo and we just spent some time catching up.  On Tuesday, Emily and I took her to La Jolla which has a stunning coastline.  Unfortunately, Bill had to work.  It is probably the best time to visit San Diego right now.  Things are still very green from the little rain that has fallen here recently.  And the flowers are in full bloom.  We walked along the coastline and my mom enjoyed seeing the native wildlife up close and personal.  There was a group of sea lions near one rocky outcropping and then further on down the coast, there were a ton of harbor seals and pups lined up on the beach relaxing.  She took lots of pictures of the animals and of all the flowers.  Emily was in a pretty good mood, but refused to look pleased in any of the pictures.  After a quick lunch, I  gave her a tour of my job, both at Mission Bay and at the hatchery in Carlsbad.  I kind of snuck in the back though, so that I wouldn’t be seen.  I was on vacation after all and didn’t want people to know I was around.  After touring both sites, we went back to the house and hung out some more. 

 

The following day, us gals went to the Carlsbad Flower fields.  These are fields where, as it sounds, flowers are grown.  The fields were spectacular.  Just rows and rows and rows of flowers of all colors were spread out up a hillside.  We walked the fields and took TONS of pictures.  The view from the top of the hillside was fantastic.  All the flowers around us and the Pacific Ocean just beyond.  One of the fun things they had was a sweet pea maze.  It’s kind of like the corn mazes, except it was made out of sweet pea plants.  We started off OK but got majorly lost.  We went wandering around for quite some time and couldn’t find our way out!  We weren’t alone either.  Bunches of people were having trouble finding the exit.  Finally, after much back tracking and wrong turns, we discovered the exit. After the flower fields we did a little shopping.  We went to IKEA and wandered around there for a bit.  Then we went to a local electronics store called Fry’s.  The three of us ended up spending probably about 30 minutes just trying out all the massage chairs.  Some of those things were majorly comfortable.  We didn’t want to leave.  We spent the rest of the evening trading pictures and enjoying our last day together.

 

Thursday morning, my mom had a fairly early flight.  We got her to the airport with no problems and said our tearful goodbyes.  It was great to have my mom visit and she absolutely loved San Diego.  She says she would love to live here but the cost of living is ridiculous (which I know firsthand).  I agree that it is a beautiful city and I will miss many aspects of it. Since it was Emily’s spring break, I left it up to her what she wanted to do for the remainder of her week.  So on Thursday afternoon, we went to the beach.  I thought I was going to be a bit chilly, but it actually turned out to be a nice day.  Emily made a way cool sand sculpture of a cat.  I just sat on the beach blanket and read the book Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand.  As I’ve mentioned WAY too many times, the Pacific Ocean is just too cold to enjoy swimming in.

 

On Friday we spent the morning at a local nature center.  It was rather small but still interesting.  It is located near wetlands off of San Diego bay.  The amount of wildflowers there was amazing.  They had a small aquarium with some exhibits and a nice display of native birds.  We took a short nature walk down to the bay.  But that day was quite cold and windy so it wasn’t very comfortable near the shore.  For lunch, we went to an island right across from downtown San Diego called Coronado.  It is a majorly cute town.  We took some great panoramic pictures of the bay and of downtown San Diego.  Then in the afternoon, we went to a laser tag place. 

The laser tag set up was pretty neat and different than other places I’ve been.  All players are split up into three teams, red, blue and yellow.  Their laser tag vests have lights indicating their color.  So then when you go into the arena (which was a very large 2 story arena), you can get points by tagging other teams but you are safe with your own colored team.  Then there were “enemy bases” of opposite colors that you could tag for a large amount of points.  So everyone would rush to those and then guard it so that everyone could get a turn by tagging the base.  You can only tag the base once and it takes 10 second or so between taggings.  The first round, our team (the blue team) won.  The second round we played it seemed like the red team was all huddled together on the second floor and we couldn’t go ANYWHERE without getting hit by SOMEbody.  So we didn’t do so well on the second round.  It was nice being on the same team as Emily so we could watch each other’s backs.  That was a fun time.



On Sunday we finally took the opportunity of living in California and took a road trip.  We drove 2 ½ hours northeast to Big Bear Lake and went snow inner tubing.  We knew that the snow season was almost over but still planned for the cold weather of the mountains.  I had Emily dress in multiple layers, as did I.  We packed up our coats, sunscreen, and an extra change of clothing which, I learned later, Bill thought was a dumb idea.  



We arrived shortly after the location opened.  It was a flat fee to use the snow area and they provided the inner tubes.  There was also a conveyer belt that allowed you to just ride up to the top of the hill.  That’s a far cry better than the days I remember where we had to trudge up the snowy slippery hill on our own leg power after every ride.  As we were getting our stuff ready and putting our coats on, one member of our group realized they had completely forgotten to bring their coat.  I won’t say WHO that person is since they felt very dumb about forgetting it.  But I will say that it is the only member of our party that only has one X chromosome.    I was worried that this member of our family would be too cold but they decided it would be OK.  So we continued getting ready.  I slathered on the sunscreen on Emily and me and offered it to Bill.  He decided that with his hat, sunglasses, etc, he wouldn’t need it.  In the literary world, this is what we call foreshadowing.



Emily was excited to finally be in snow.  Although she was in snow when she was 4, in Oklahoma, she doesn’t remember it.  So this was her first real opportunity that she can remember to actually enjoy the snow.  After a few tubing runs, we realized that we were actually a little warm (even me!).  The temperature was warming up.  So it seemed that after every 6 or 7 runs, we’d head out to the car to shed some layers of clothing.  By the end, Emily was just wearing a long sleeve shirt.  So the fact that SOMEONE forgot their coat ended up not being a bad thing after all.  We got some good pictures, but Bill also took some funny video of him (and me and Emmy) actually going down the hills.  You can watch the video montage made by Bill here 
http://files.me.com/siebharinn/6i99d2  It was a really fun time.  After we were done tubing, we took the opportunity to change clothes.  Going down the hills was fun, but it resulted in soggy buns and wet feet.  When Bill got in the car after changing, he thanked me for having the dumb idea of bringing extra clothes.  Too bad he didn’t listen to me about the sunscreen! (more foreshadowing)

Anyhow, after changing, we walked a little bit around Big Bear Lake.  It is a very pretty lake.  Most of the snow had melted in the town itself and around the lake.  When we got home, it became apparent that one member of our family had done a great job of getting his face and head burned.  I’ll let you figure out who that person might be.  If you are interested in seeing a small sampling of pictures of our spring break adventures, you can go here http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100120

 

Over the weekend, I finally finished the book Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand (which I was reading on the beach).  It is a honking big book (1168 pages) but is a great great book.  I thought it was awesome.  I highly recommend everyone read it if you haven’t already.  It’s extremely timely given the current economic and political situations that are going on.  Bill has been bugging me for years to read it and I’m glad I finally did.

 

All in all, we had a really good Spring Break and I enjoyed my time off.  Now it’s back to work and back to school.  For poor Bill, it was never time off, but at least he got to go snow tubing with us.    We had a great time with my mom and hope that she can visit us over the summer once we are back in Florida. 

 

I hope you all had a great week and enjoyed your Easter holidays.  Have a great week and I will be in touch soon enough!

 Greetings to you all once again!  Hope you had a great week.

 

This week was fairly uneventful for us.  I finally managed to complete my “3 hour project”.  It only took me about a week.  But I’m happy with the results.  I would actually like to get started on some other projects but I’ve realized that that would cause me to NOT get packing done which I really need to start doing.  I’ve started just a bit but nothing significant.  And time is really flying by.  April is already here and I need to start getting all of the planning set.  There’s no doubt that the reason for my procrastination is because I still can’t believe we are doing this whole gosh darn thing OVER AGAIN!!!  Argh.  But we ARE still happy with our decision and that’s just the way it’s gotta be. 

 

After much phone tag, it doesn’t appear that it will be a problem for us to extend our lease here by one month.  That was one of my great worries.  We don’t have anything for sure yet, but I was told that they don’t forsee it being a problem.  I’ll feel better when I know for sure, but the outlook looks good.  So as it stands, we will be leaving California towards the end of June (around the 20th).  That will allow Emily to finish up school here.  They end their school year with a really cool class trip to the San Francisco area, so I want to make sure she gets to take advantage of that.

 

At work, I’ve been trying to tie up any remaining loose ends.  I’m on vacation this week to coincide with Emily’s spring break.  After this week, I’ve only got 3 weeks left of my job!  I don’t really know what they will do once I’m gone since, despite giving them PLENTY of warning, they have no immediate plans to have a replacement for me and they haven’t even posted that they are hiring anybody.  I know they’ve talked about continuing to use me on a contract basis, which is fine, but even that is not in writing yet.  They do have a tendency to drag their feet on stuff.  Now that the time is here, I expect some scrambling towards the end of my tenure. 

 

Despite the fact that Emily no longer has to worry about musical rehearsals or science Olympiad meetings, she has still managed to have some long days at school.  She’s joined the school’s Improv Club which meets on Thursday and Friday afternoon.  It’s basically a group of kids that get together and practices improve routines.  She loves it.  But as a result, it made last Friday pretty long for her.  Once I picked her up from that I had to rush her out to her Girl Scouts meeting.  But she made it and helped out with the planning for the Brownie group’s outing.  I’m not sure if she completed all the requirements yet for the silver award but she’s well on her way!

 

This weekend, we spent some time getting the house ready for my mom’s visit.  The last thing I need is for her to ground me because my room wasn’t clean!  But seriously, my mom will be arriving on Monday afternoon.  She’ll only be here a few days so I’m not sure yet what our plans will be.  I’ll probably show her around my job, and take a drive to the beach at the very least.  We are all looking forward to her visit.  It’s been quite a while since I’ve seen her!  As I write this, it’s only a few more hours until she arrives!

 

So March madness is almost over.  Bill has already won the Keller pool.  Emily did really well but Bill did a lot better.  As I mentioned last week, I was out of the pool back at the elite 8 so I did really really crappy.  That’s the last time I let the magic 8 ball determine my brackets!  I think Bill has UNC winning it all.  Although it doesn’t really matter points-wise, we’ll still check it out.

 

Well that’s about it for me today.  I’m gonna keep it short and sweet.  The weather looks like it should be fairly nice until Wednesday.  We may have some rain on Wednesday so we’ll have to plan for something indoors on that day. 

 

Hope you all have a great week and I’ll talk to you soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope you’ve all had a great week!  I apologize for the tardiness of my weekly email.

 

As you may recall, Emily finished up her pajama sewing project last week.  Unfortunately for me, it gave me the “sewing bug” so I decided to work on a project of my own.  In typical Martha fashion, I took on way more than I was prepared for.  But I have persevered nonetheless.  A project which, by the instructions, should take me 3 hours has taken me close to a week.  And I worked on it nearly all day Sunday!  But I’m happy with it.  I’ve learned a lot through the whole thing and will hopefully end up with something that was worth all the work.  We shall see.  But my constant sewing has caused me to be bad about getting to my blog this week!

 

Emily completed her Girl Scout cookie selling season this weekend.  We know she did well but we don’t yet know what her total was.  And in other Girl Scout news, she will be helping plan a future Brownie outing this week.  Her helping with the planning will fulfill her last requirement for the Girl Scout “Silver Award”.  That is the highest honor that she can earn at her age.  Next year, she will be eligible to start working towards the “Gold Award” which is the highest honor in Girl Scouts (equivalent to the Eagle Scout in Boy Scouts).  Emily worked hard last year to fulfill most of the requirements so it’s nice to see that she’s almost reached her goal!

 

On Saturday, we took the opportunity to go to a local National Park located on San Diego Bay.  Although it was warm in Escondido (where we live), it was a little cooler in San Diego.  And the park was located on hilltop off the bay so the wind was fierce.  Both Emily and Bill had only short sleeve shirts on and it was really chilly.  We ended up going to the gift shop to buy a long sleeve shirt so that Emily wouldn’t freeze.  But the chill was worth it.  The views from the park were SPECTACULAR.  The park is called Cabrillo National Monument and it is located where a Spaniard/Portuguese explorer first landed.  They eventually built a lighthouse on the hill as well.  From the hilltop you can see all of San Diego bay and then San Diego itself.  It was amazing.  And in fact, we were so high up that we could see Tijuana.  The annoying thing was that my cell phone kept switching to Mexican coverage.  I finally had to turn it off because I was worried that someone might call or text me and I’d get charged international rates!  That would’ve sucked. Anyhow, we toured the lighthouse and also took a walk along a trail.  We had to cut it short though because the wind just kept getting worse and worse.  All in all, it was an amazing place and I highly recommend it to anyone that may choose to visit San Diego!  You can see photos from our visit here http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100112

 

As some of you may know, its March Madness time!  Here at the Keller household, Bill is firmly in the lead in the Keller pool, which is ironic considering that when I told Bill it was time to fill out our brackets, he said “what brackets?”  I don’t know much about College basketball either but I always like filling out the brackets.  I’ve used many methods over the years but this year, I decided to use the magic 8 ball.  It turns out the magic 8 ball is a LIAR!!  I only had one team correct by the elite 8 and I am completely out of the running now.  Emily has done pretty well and could still pull out a win but she’s got tough competition.  For scoring, we are giving 2 points for the first rounds, then 3, 5, 8, 13, and 21.  The reason for our scoring is that it works well AND it’s also the Fibonacci series which is cool.  If you don’t know what the Fibonacci series is, you can go here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fibonacci_number  

 

Some of you may have been privy to my sister’s emails regarding her views on the economy.  Some of you have not.  It’s been interesting and sometimes frightening to read people’s opinions.  Regardless of your opinion, there is no doubt that it is in the forefront of people’s thoughts recently.  I found it interesting that the president of Brazil blamed all the problems on Americans with blue eyes and blonde hair.  Gosh!  I didn’t realize my dad was so evil!  Truth be told, the US is not the only country having major economic issues.  Great Britain is also in quite a mess.  Recently, the European parliament met and the British prime minister was present.  The British prime minister has a similar philosophy to the economy as Obama does.  A British representative of parliament spoke out to the British prime minister.  I think he gave one of the most eloquent and clear cut speeches I have ever heard, and he did it directly to the prime minister.  It was even more impressive because it was given with a totally cool British accent.  Despite whether you agree or disagree with Mr. Hannan, I think you would all agree that it would be so refreshing to have politicians in the US that would so eloquently and succinctly state their views.  I’m so sick and tired of the double speak, question dodging etc.  You can see/hear his amazing speech here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94lW6Y4tBXs  

 

Well that’s about it for me.  I hope you all have a great week and I sincerely hope that none of you end up with the Conficker virus!  I’ll be in touch soon enough!

Hello again everyone!  I hope you all had a great week! 

We are still in the midst of Girl Scout mania here at the Keller household.  Emily had to bring cookies to the kids and teachers at her school that ordered cookies.  She set up shop during lunch and was BARRAGED by students and teachers alike who HADN’T preordered.  Unfortunately, she couldn’t give them any cookies since all the ones she had were already spoken for.  So that night, Bill went over to the troop leaders’ house and picked up an additional case of Samoas, Thin Mints, and various additional boxes.  The next day, she brought all those cookies to school and sold all but 5 boxes!  The following day, she sold nearly all of the remainder of the preordered cookies that hadn’t been claimed.  There were several NEW orders made and we picked up even more cookies over the weekend that she will take to her school on Monday.  So the school has turned out to be a fantastic selling opportunity.  And over this weekend, she participated in more cookie selling booths with her troop.  She’s close to 250 boxes sold so far.  It’s been a good year for her. For those of you that ordered cookies, I sent them out on Saturday, so look for them soon!

 

In work related news, we had another aquaculture-wide meeting this week.  During this meeting, various folks go over the progress over the last 6 months and state what is planned for the future.  I had no problem stating the progress for the last 6 months, but didn’t really know what to say about the future since I wasn’t going to be there.  I was advised to just “recommend” the direction for the future, which I did.  The meeting made me sad to leave.  Hubbs is doing a lot of cool things and has a lot of neat projects in the works.  I am sad to not be a part of it.  Or at least, I WAS sad.  Then over the weekend, I received an email from Hubbs which basically stated (and yes I’m summarizing), “The economy is bad and the government is giving out unheard of amounts of money so this may be a once in a generational time to get unheard of funding approved!”  That kind of sickened my stomach a little bit (or a lot o’ bit) and made me NOT so sad to be leaving.

 

In family news, my mother has decided to pay us a visit in a few weeks.  It will coincide with Emily’s spring break so it is a good time.  I had already scheduled vacation that week so I could be with Emily so it turns out to be good timing for all. Bill has said he will find something else to do that week that is NOT in San Diego.  Heheh, just kidding mom!  Hopefully we’ll have good weather that week!  In other news, Emily completed her pajama sewing project.  There was quite a bit of frustration involved and she did have to undo a few seams, but she’s ended up with a fantastic looking pair of purple tie-dye pajamas.  By the end of the project, she was working the sewing machine like a pro!

 

On Friday afternoon, I went to pick up Emily from school.  On the way, I developed quite a significant back ache.  By the time I got home, I was in great discomfort.  It was quite a weird type of sudden and severe pain that made it difficult for me to even stand up.  I immediately lay down and took some aspirin.  While the back pain was bad, it also felt like a weight was on my chest.  After about an hour, as quickly as it came, it was gone.  Then, slowly, I began to feel it coming back, except this time, it was primarily a feeling of tightness in my chest.  I kept trying to ignore it but it was pretty bad.  I didn’t have any of the other cardiac warning signs like left arm issues or anything, but I came to the conclusion after awhile that I really shouldn’t ignore such weird symptoms as that.  Despite REALLY not wanting to, I decided I probably ought to go to the ER.  Bill took me there and Emily brought along her Nintendo DS since we were worried about a long wait.  Well we were right to be worried.  The waiting room was packed.  I got checked in and was almost immediately called back for an EKG.  Fortunately, it was normal.  Unfortunately, that meant I was not as big an emergency as others.  So we waited…and waited…and waited….and waited.  Meanwhile, ambulances kept arriving and sick looking people kept walking in.  A bunch of Hispanic youths came in with bloody faces escorted by the gang violence police.  Some lady rolled in with a possible leg fracture and had to wait in the room just like everybody else.  There was a girl with a bump on her head.  Her mom was freaking out on the intake nurse because her daughter hadn’t been seen yet and she may have a serious head injury.  I think the whole Natasha Richardson death has heightened people’s awareness of head injuries.  Anyhow, the intake nurse explained that they had many severe traumas and were completely packed at the moment and were doing the best they could to see everyone.  The mom didn’t accept that and said she’d take her daughter somewhere else.  I tried to be patient since I was slowly feeling better and was getting really tired.  We left the house to go to the ER at 9pm.  At midnight, I told Bill he should take Emily home.  I had been requesting that for hours.  He had been refusing for hours.  But as 12:30 approached, he reluctantly decided he would.  Shortly after they left, another guy came rolling in with severe abdominal pain and he had to wait in the waiting room.  At that point I texted Bill and told him to just come pick me up.  I knew at that point that there was no way I’d even get called back till 1 am at the earliest and then who KNOWS how long I’d wait after that.  There were CLEARLY people there that were sicker than I was.  When I told the intake nurse I was leaving, he felt really bad and asked if I was sure I wanted to leave.  I told him I was just going to see the regular doctor in the morning and that I understood their busy-ness (which I did).  Just then, the husband of the lady with the leg fracture interrupted our conversation to complain that his wife’s leg was turning blue and when would she be seen!  The intake nurse explained that he didn’t have ANY beds and everyone was working as fast as they could.  The husband yelled that he should at least have an x-ray machine available.  The intake nurse said he would make sure that they x-rayed her next and then turned back to me with a helpless look.  I reassured him that I wasn’t mad and the EKG ruled out cardiac issues, so I would be fine.  I had to sign some forms but I left about 1 am.

 

Long story short, I saw a doctor on Saturday who basically spouted a bunch of doctor speak which, with my doctor translator, basically meant she didn’t have a clue what could have happened.  I’ve had nothing like those symptoms since either.  So there ya go.  Weirdness over the weekend.  One thing we all learned this weekend was that emergency rooms are a great place to people watch.  The other thing we were sure of was that healthcare is not an easy issue.  If the AIG mess is any indication, we are in for a heap-load of trouble if the government ever decides they can do that job.  In other not-so-emergency related health news, Bill developed a pretty bad rash on his hands and feet this week.  His hands are swollen and he has papules and redness and a lot of itchiness.  We didn’t really know what was going on until he started to realize that it felt a lot like the last time he had poison oak (which was when he was a kid living in California).  My theory is that the dogs got into poison oak and then he touched the dogs.  The rash on his feet is because he kicks the dogs all the time (heheh just kidding again…..sort of)  So poor Bill has been fairly miserable the last few days with his puffy and itchy hands.  The only thing that is helping is Benadryl which is knocking him out. 

 

On Saturday we attended a long overdue Science Olympiad celebratory dinner.  There was a fairly good turnout of students and parents alike.  The students got up and thanked the coaches and coaches had to go up and accept gifts.  They called Emily up and she had to state who her coaches were in her events (me and Bill) and then both Bill and I had to go up at the same time.  The teacher in charge thanked us both since together we had coached 5 events.  She also announced that we were moving back to Florida, which I guess most people didn’t know which garnered some “awwws”.  So it was nice.  The food was pretty good but it was hard to get since we had to compete with adolescent teenage boys who kept scooping up all the food before we could!

 

So that about sums it up for this week.  I haven’t progressed much in the packing front.  I’ve been kind of dragging my feet.  But I plan on making some progress this week.  We shall see.  I hope you all have a great start of Spring and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

 Greetings to you all once again.  Hard to believe that we are already in the middle of March isn’t it?!
 
Well for us, it was a week of recuperation.  Emily didn’t miss any days of school this last week and made a good recovery from the flu.  Bill also was up and running at mostly full strength.  Unfortunately, I took a lot longer to recover.  Since both Bill and Emily took the Tamiflu medication and I didn’t, I think that speaks volumes.  I didn’t get back to work till midweek so I basically was out about a week with the flu.  And even though I was back to work midweek, I have still not been completely OK.  Today is really the first day that I think I might be mostly back to normal.  Definitely a good reason to get the flu shot every year.  I’ve not been consistent about it but I obviously need to improve. 
 
This week was filled with cookie delivery work.  Now that we have all the Girl Scout cookies, we need to deliver them.  I had to take a bunch to work and Bill and Emily spent the weekend in the neighborhood delivering cookies to those who ordered them.  We still have quite a few left to deliver and Emily has to find a way to efficiently deliver them to her classmates and teachers at school without having any boxes “walk away” while she’s not watching.  Over the weekend, Emily also took part in the Girl Scout cookie selling booths.  She shares credit for selling boxes during the booths, so she usually likes it since she’ll get better prizes the more she sells.  She’s signed up to do more booths next weekend as well.  For those of you who ordered cookies, I plan to box them up and ship them out to you this week.
 
In real estate news, we are now at that point in the year where tenants need to either renew their leases or state that they are leaving.  Our tenant in our Gainesville house asked for an extension on the lease until September.  We don’t plan to approve that because then we’d be trying to rent a house in a bad market period.  Since Gainesville is a college town, the hot rental time is the spring and summer.  I’m hoping that karma doesn’t kick us in the teeth though because we really need to have our lease in our current house extended a month in order to make our exit neat and tidy.  Otherwise, we’ll have to rethink some things.  We plan on tackling that issue shortly. 
 
This week, Emily and I started a pajama project.  After helping out with making costumes and all for the musical, I decided to take Emily through the process of making an outfit using patterns, and a sewing machine and everything.  So we found a pajama pattern that she liked and found fabric that she liked and I’m having her go through the whole process from beginning to end.  She’s doing well so far.  She’s got the basics down of using the sewing machine and is about halfway through making the pajama top.  She’s gotten frustrated a few times a long the way, but we’re making progress.  I realized while talking to her that not only do schools not offer home economics any more, but she had never even heard the term.  I do agree that there are more important things to teach, but having some basic sewing and cooking skills will NEVER be a bad thing (regardless of gender) and can certainly help you out.  I think she’s realizing that it’s really not that hard. 
 
In family news, I found out that my sister has managed to get all three of her kids accepted at a good private school in her area.  She initially was looking for a good pre-K school for my nephew but was greatly disappointed in what was available.  He has already started reading and all the places she found would have been very boring for him and if they offered anything, it was just letter recognition.  So that’s what led her to look at the private school.  She visited and was very impressed with the school and their curriculum, but the cost was, of course, a concern.  After looking into it some more, she decided to have him tested for acceptance and also had her daughters tested.  They are currently in the 5th and 8th grade.  All three were accepted and she got a great financial aid package that will allow her to send all three to the school the next year.  My nephew will actually start in their program next week.  So that is some great news and I know she’s really excited about it.
 
Well that about wraps it up for me.  I won’t go on a rant about anything this week.  Being sick makes your week kind of boring and I got tired of watching the news.  I hope you all have a great week, enjoy your St. Patrick’s Day, and I’ll be in touch soon enough!
 
 Hello again everyone!  Hope you all had a great week!  It wasn't that great for us, but I'll get to that part soon enough.  

This week was about getting back to normal for us.  No more Science Olympiad or musical rehearsals to contend with.  Emily got caught up on her schoolwork and we all got caught up on our sleep.

This week, I had to attend a meeting where the California Fish and Game discussed the future of the hatchery that Hubbs has.  Currently, their contract with Hubbs ends next year.  What will happen after that is completely unknown now.  The state, as I’ve mentioned before, is horribly broke.  If they get yet more bailout money (which wouldn’t be surprising), the contract may continue.  But at this point, it’s anybody’s guess.  That has a lot of people on edge.  The hatchery has been in existence as a contract with the state since the mid 90’s.  The money that the state used to use for fish health has also been pulled.  So basically, we have to hope that the fish remain healthy because if they’re not, there’s no money to figure anything out.  Once again, I was glad I was leaving.

By Wednesday, I was feeling pretty tired.  In fact, I left work 30 minutes early because I REALLY just needed to sleep.  It was weird.  Once I got home and took a long nap, I felt better, but still tired.  I didn’t really think anything of it.  That night however, Emily woke me up at 1 in the morning.  She said she felt horrible, was very weak, her body ached, she had a bad cough, and her head hurt.  I took her temperature and it was 101.9.  I gave her some medication to get her through the night but had already decided that she wasn’t going to school in the morning and that I wasn’t going to work so I could take her to the doctor.  If I left it up to Bill, then he wouldn’t be able to get any work done.  So that morning, I took her to the doctor.  I was a little worried because just that week I had read that there was a Chicken Pox outbreak at the very same school where she had her musical production.  I was glad to see she didn’t have a rash.  Once the doctor examined her, he diagnosed her with the flu.  She was prescribed antiviral medication and I was warned that the entire household was at risk.  I was already concerned because now I was realizing that I had displayed some exhaustion symptoms the day prior.  After getting her medication, we headed home.  Once at home, I also started feeling REALLY tired and achy.  A temperature check confirmed that I too had a fever.  I called the doctors office and they OK’d a prescription of flu medication for me as well.

On Friday morning, I awoke to find Emily already curled up on the couch wrapped up in blankets.  Her temperature was 105.3 which freaked me out considerably.  I medicated her and let her school know that she was going to be out again.  I had originally planned to head to the hatchery on Friday since I wasn’t feeling THAT bad, but once I saw how bad Emily was, I changed my mind.  It was a good thing too, since I started feeling a lot worse on that Friday.  The two of us pretty much spent all day on the couch while Bill stayed in his office and tried to get some work done.  Unfortunately, by Friday evening, Bill was also coughing and starting to feel crummy.  So by Saturday, we were all miserable beings just wandering from couch to bed to couch.  Bill got worse symptoms than me so I gave him my drugs.  By Saturday, Emily was better, but still coughing significantly.  That was a big bummer because on Saturday evening, there was a cast party celebrating the success of the musical.  Emily had wanted to go but it wouldn’t have been wise.  She might have made many people ill.  So Saturday night, we just curled up on the couch and watched a movie.  
Sunday was pretty much the same story.  Emily seems to be feeling better but still has a bad cough.  So I’m not sure if she’ll have to miss another day of school or not.  I’m still running a fever so I don’t think I’ll be going to work.  And poor Bill has been hit hard.  I don’t think he’ll be very productive for several more days.  We are quite the sad looking family right now.  I can’t remember the last time we’ve ALL been sick at the same time.  It stinks.  On a different note, all the girl scout cookie orders arrived.  So we have a house full of cookies.  I am currently running a scientific experiment to determine the efficacy of consumption of girl scout cookies for the treatment of influenza virus.  So far, I’ve seen no improvement in clinical signs, but I’m not giving up.  The trials will continue.

As for my political diatribe from last week, I was surprised to be watching the news and hearing EXACTLY what I had been saying.  It turns out that there are a lot of families and small business owners that are scrambling to make LESS now so that they don’t go above the $250,000 a year cap.  They are either closing down a day or two or, if employed, asking for pay cuts or less time.  While I’m not surprised, it’s sad that it’s come to this.  I just hope that most Americans wake up and realize what is going on.  I was certainly no fan of Bush as you all know, and I was disgusted when he signed the first stimulus bill.  But I am in awe of how many pledges Obama has reneged on and no one has yet dared to call him out on it.  First it was no lobbyists in his administration.  But then there had to be exceptions for the lobbyists that were too qualified and just HAD to be on his administration.  Then there was the promise to let the American people view bills online for 5 days before signing any.  But the stimulus bill was only up for 12 hours before he signed it.  That was, of course, an exception because it was to important.  Then the pledge to veto any bill with earmarks.  Except of course, the new bill that deals with spending from last year.  That is, of course, an exception.  Plus it only has 9,000 earmarks.  That’s not a lot.  And shame on the Republicans and Democrats who both were to blame for all the earmarks.  At least he didn’t promise not to put tax cheats in his administration or else that would be yet another broken promise. But now the tax cheat has vowed to crack down on tax cheats.  Umm...OK.   Sometimes I feel like I’m in the Twilight Zone.  We actually have a guy who willfully evaded and did not pay his taxes in CHARGE of the Treasury department.  Have we gone mad?  And with a straight face, he can warn others that evading taxes will not be tolerated? Unbelievable. 

 There was a tax revolt demonstration here in California on Saturday.  Californian’s are becoming fed up with being taxed to death.  I would imagine that similar demonstrations are going to occur across the nation.  California’s biggest problem is illegal immigration.  Providing schooling to a million students when only half of them are actually citizens who are paying taxes for schooling is a losing battle.  Same with the health care and public servant areas (such as police and fire).  When I go to the Home Depot by my job, there is always a pack of Mexicans hanging out by the exit.  Basically, they are day laborers that wait there for any odd jobs.  My guess is that NONE of them are legally in the country and would only work for cash.  This is a huge problem in this state and others.  And unfortunately, California's solution was to just charge the tax paying citizens more.  I don’t pretend to have all the answers, but that seems like a pretty crappy one if you ask me.  

Well, enough preachiness from me for now.  I just can’t get over some of the things that I’m seeing every week.  I apologize that I seem to be having weekly diatribes.  But I continue to be amazed, disgusted, and distressed.  I hope things improve.  As for us, the flu-ridden Kellers will continue to be lazy bums for another couple of days I’m sure.  Then it’s back to the grind.  And in fact, this was a significant week for the Keller’s for one other reason.  I actually started packing this week.  It was only one box and it was very short-lived since shortly after that, I started feeling really crummy.  But it has begun nonetheless.  It seems like just last year that we were moving.  Oh yeah....it was :(   

Have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!

Hello again everyone!  I hope you all had a great week!

So this was one HECK of a week for the Keller clan!  As you all know, this was the final week before Emily’s grand musical performance.  The week was BRUTAL.  We hardly saw Emily at all.  In my last email, I mentioned how crazy the first tech rehearsal was.  The kids weren’t used to the stage, the set crew didn’t know where things went, the sound and light people weren’t getting anything right etc.  It was a mess.  But I was hoping that as the week progressed, things would improve.  On Monday I had volunteered to help out.  So after work, I went to the school and helped until 8:30 p.m.  So once Emily and I got home, she had very little time to do anything.  Fortunately, she had some time during rehearsal to do her homework.  
On Tuesday, I had a long day at work.  I successfully initiated a proper quarantine procedure for some new fish that we obtained.  But going through all the fish took a lot of time and I didn’t leave work till after 6 p.m.  I was only home for a short time before having to go back to pick Emily up from her rehearsal which SHOULD have ended at 8:30 but actually went closer to 9.  So I was exhausted (as was Emily).  On Wednesday, Bill opted to take her some dinner around 5 p.m..  He texted me from the rehearsal and was horrified.  He said the whole thing was a zoo.  The actors were arguing with each other on stage about forgetting lines and nothing seemed to be going right.  He had great doubts about their ability to pull it together with the time they had left. 

On Thursday, I volunteered to help out again.  Thursday was their dress rehearsal.  Everyone had their costumes and were in their full makeup.  I still had a lot of last minute costume fixing to do and that kept me busy.  I tried my best to NOT watch the show because I didn’t want to spoil it.  They ran through the whole show from top to bottom with no interruptions.  Even then, I had my doubts.  The lighting and sound kept messing up.  The actors finally seemed to have it together though.  But for all the kids, since it was a dress rehearsal, they had to stay backstage the entire time and therefore had no time to do ANY of their homework.  They kept the kids working again till 9 p.m..  When we got home at 9:30 Emily informed us that she had a short story that she hadn’t had a chance to finish.  Since she still had to take a shower and all, we opted to just send her to bed and have her explain the situation to her English teacher the next day.  Fortunately, when Emily mentioned the musical, the English teacher automatically said “people in the musical have automatic extensions!”.  Thank goodness they understand!

So Friday was the big day.  It was kind of weird that day because we dropped Emily off at school in the morning and then didn’t get to talk to her again until AFTER the performance was over.  But I don’t want to get TOO ahead of myself.  Prior to the performance, we got her some flowers to congratulate her at the end.  The performance was held at a local middle school since her school doesn’t have a theater yet (remember they are only 1 1/2 years old).  They BADLY misjudged where to put the ticket sales booth and how many people would show up.  20 minutes before the performance started, the lobby was PACKED with people waiting to get in.  Once they opened the doors it was almost like a black Friday Wal Mart rush for cheap DVD players.  Thankfully we didn’t get steamrollered and made it safely to our seats. But there were so many people there that they had to bring out extra chairs for everyone.  

The performance was FANTASTIC.  The kids did an AMAZING job of pulling everything  together.  I was SO impressed.  No lines were forgotten, the funny parts were funny, and the songs and the dancing was entertaining.  And no, Emily didn’t have a major part but she was in many group scenes which were fantastic.  They received a well deserved standing ovation at the end.  At the end of the show, we found Emily and presented her with her flowers.  She seemed very pleased with how everything went.  She congratulated, and was congratulated by her fellow performers and many of her teachers also gave her words of praise.  It was a very good evening!

On Saturday Emily actually had a little bit of time for herself for once!  She didn’t have to be at the theater until 5 p.m.  So she took the opportunity to sleep in a little, and get caught up on some Nintendo playing.  Bill and I opted to attend both the performances.  The Saturday ticket sales was MUCH better planned out.  There was a heck of a lot better organization in the lobby and it was a very civilized entrance.   The performance itself had a few more technical issues than the Friday night performance, but they still delivered an excellent show.  Once again, they received a standing ovation at the end.  After the conclusion of the show, and once everyone had changed out of their costumes, the drama teacher had everyone sit on the stage.  She handed out individual flowers to all the performers, musicians, set crew etc and said a few nice words about every one of them.  It was nice to see all the kids together enjoying their final moments together.  They talked about what a great job they did and looked forward to their next performance next year.  It is quite sad that we will not be here for that.  As we get closer and closer to the move, we (at least Bill and me) are becoming sadder and sadder about leaving.  As Bill put it, Emily was part of the first lacrosse win EVER for the school, the first Science Olympiad competition, and the first musical performance.   That is something that nobody can say again and it is sad that we will not be around to see how the school continues to grow.  Bill was able to shoot a bit of video.  If he posts it, I will let you all know.

On Sunday, Emily got caught up on all the homework that she couldn’t get to during the week.  I worked a shift at a small animal hospital.  It was a bit of a drive to get there but it was a really pretty drive.  The recent rains here have caused all the hillsides to turn green.  The wildflowers are blooming like crazy.  And the area where I was was hilly so it was very pretty.  And then to top it off, there was a nearby mountain just loaded with snow.  Again, I was struck by sadness of having to leave such pretty countryside.  If only the state of California wasn’t located here, then I wouldn’t mind leaving it so much.  

Here’s a warning.  I’m about to go on a political diatribe.  Feel free to skip to the end if you are tired about reading about the state of affairs!  As we continue to watch the news each week, Bill and I are more and more serious about finding another country to live in.  If Obama succeeds with what he says he wants to do, this country will be a disaster.  I watched his speech to the congress this week.  He wants to make sure everyone has a place to live, everyone has a job, everyone has healthcare and everyone has an education.  And naturally, its all “free” because it comes from the government.  And the government is simply getting it from the rich people who don’t need that much money anyhow.  From each according to his ability, To each according to his need.  That’s how Karl Marx stated it.  I have personally visited a country that had that luxury.  The people had free healthcare, free housing, free education, free food etc.  And they were some of the most NON-free people I have ever met.  It was the Cubans I met when I visited several years ago.  They are given everything and in the end, they end up with nothing.  I remember having a long conversation with a veterinarian there.  He explained that he did not have a choice in WHERE he would work, it was assigned to him by the government.  He got paid $45 a month and, in a place where gas was $4 a gallon, couldn’t afford to drive even if he HAD a car (which he didn’t).  He got rations for food and only had a small choice of rice, bread, small pieces of milk, and because he had children, was allowed milk.  Since education was free, there were PhDs everywhere.  But since there weren’t jobs for everyone, we were driven in taxis and served food in restaurants by PhD educated people.  That plan is unsustainable and not successful.  But I fear that is the direction we are headed.  We have already nearly nationalized some banks and it is clear that Wall Street is not happy about it.  Obama repeatedly states that he doesn’t want to help out Wall Street and many politicians blame Wall Street for their greed etc etc.  What seems to be overlooked is that most of the US have been relying on Wall Street for their 401K investments.  As Wall Street fails, so do all the investments of the rest of the country.  

So what will we do?  I’m not sure.  We plan to stay in Florida to let Emily graduate, but I have no idea what shape the country will be in by then.  But Bill and I are serious about looking for somewhere to escape to.  It’s coming to a point where in this country, success is punished.  Those who make over 250,000 a year are looking at a tax rate of 39%.  Add on the 10% income tax of California and that means these people making $250,000 a year  (which is certainly a lot), get to fork over $125,000 of that to the government.  So what is the point of making that much then?  Let’s say I’m a plastic surgeon who sacrificed, studied, went to school, finished a residency, and am now happily working hard and making 250,000 a year.  Why would I want to continue working so hard?  I’d drop down to 200,000 or even 150,000 so that I could keep more of my hard earned money.  It would make sense for me to work less because I’d end up netting the same amount.  What is the result of that?  Less production, NOT more.  Less money to the government, less jobs, since I’d probably close down one or two days a week, and less services available to others.  There is no longer a benefit to working hard and being successful in this country.  It is truly sad.

So that’s about it from me.  I’ve depressed myself enough.  Please feel free to email Emily and congratulate her on a job well done.  Take it from me, she’s earned it.  I know she will greatly enjoy the free time she has now that she ONLY has school to worry about! 

Have a great week and I’ll be in touch soon enough!
Greetings to you all! 

Well it was back to normal for us this week as Emily went back to school.  However, the musical is now only one week away (this Friday and Saturday!) and her rehearsal schedules have become more and more intensive.  She had rehearsals over the weekend which limited our ability to do anything else interesting.   This upcoming week will be brutal for her.  She has school until 3 pm and then they are in rehearsals until 8:30 pm every night.  I volunteered to help out today (Monday) and on Thursday night.  Most of my time was spent helping cut out patterns for last minute costumes, assigning hats to outfits, sewing fake seaweed to a dress etc.  I had a blast but it was a long hard day.  This Monday was their first tech rehearsal day, meaning it was the first day where they are encompassing all aspects of the performance including curtains, lights, sounds, music, stage changes etc.  As expected, it was absolute chaos and mayhem.  But it was fun to watch!  Tomorrow will be their first rehearsal IN costume.  Emily has to learn how to apply makeup fit for a stage performance.  She’s not happy about it because it has to be very OVERDONE.  But Bill and I assured her (as did her drama instructors) that once on stage, it actually looks normal.  She will have very little time for herself this week but both Bill and I are very proud that she’s taken the opportunity to be in the musical.  

On the job front, I had to get into one of the tanks again this week and examine all the broodstock fish.  And once again, it was really cold and miserable.  Thankfully, the process went smoothly.  I have to say, it was nice knowing I wasn’t going to have to do that again.  I really DON’T enjoy that aspect.  By the end, I am shivering, my face is soaked and I am covered in fish slime and scales.  It’s a wonder Bill still loves me after that.  But after all, it beats coming home smelling like 3 day old decayed whale meat (which I have) and he didn’t leave me then either….

In case you’re not bike racing fanatics (which we aren’t either), you may not have been aware that the Tour of California took place this last week.  It was a bike race that was about a week long (similar to the Tour de France) and started in Sacramento.  The amazing thing was that this year, it ended right here in Escondido!  What was even more exciting was that this was the race that Lance Armstrong chose to make his comeback!  So on Sunday (while Emily was at musical rehearsal), we drove to downtown to watch the end of the race.  I’d never been to a major bike race before and it was interesting.  There were LOTS of people and news crews there.  I think most of them just wanted to see Lance Armstrong (me included) but it was interesting nonetheless.  We were at the finish line area and had to wait about an hour before the bikers arrived.  WE kind of knew MORE OR LESS when they’d arrive but obviously, no one knew for sure.  Lance didn’t win (based on the standings the night before, we pretty much knew he wouldn’t) but his teammate did.  It was pretty cool to see how the whole bike racing scene works.   The only sad thing about the whole thing was seeing the family of a local missing girl taking advantage of the large crowds to pass out flyers.  I’ve seen it on the major news networks, but there is a local 14 year old girl that went missing very near our house.  There are signs and flyers up everywhere.  Its one thing to see it on TV but its another to see the parents standing there passing out flyers and talking to everyone.  It’s been over a week so it doesn’t look good…..

The other major news this week has been about the stimulus bill that just passed.  A friend of mine sent me this link http://www.stimuluswatch.org/project/by_state
As you may have guessed, it lists all the projects by state.  Some of the projects seem worthwhile on the surface, but I still don’t think people in California should be paying for road repairs in Illinois and storm drain upkeep in North Carolina.  Why am I paying state taxes then?  And then there are the ridiculous projects.  There are so many listed though, that there is no way anybody has read them all.  Now I hear that Obama wants to make sure the US reduces it’s deficit by half (from the current 1.3 trillion) in the next 4 years.  The deficit last year was around 450 billion.  HIS stimulus bill is what made it 1.3 trillion.  So now his goal is to reduce it by half?  So basically, reduce it back to slightly more than what it was when he took office in the first place?  Umm.....Ok......If that makes sense to any of you, please feel free to enlighten me.

Well that’s about it for me.  My computer’s been acting funky so I don’t want to type too terribly long for fear that I’ll lose the whole thing!  I hope you all have a great week.  I look forward to reporting on how Emily did at the musical!  I’ll be in touch!

Hello again everyone!  I hope you all had a great Valentine's Day and President's Day!

 

As I mentioned last week, Emily was off of school this week.  I guess I felt subconsciously envious about her getting to stay at home.  Therefore, I decided to get sick so that I could have an excuse to stay home.  ACTUALLY, on Tuesday, I started feeling kinda crummy.  I had an errand on Wednesday morning that I had to do ANYHOW that was going to make me late for work.  So rather than feel crummy and be late, I decided that I would call in sick that day.  Well it was good that I did because I went downhill fast.  I was out Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday.  I wish I could say I enjoyed spending time with my family, but since I was feeling crummy and slept almost more than Chappy (my cat); I didn't get a whole lot of quality time.  Thankfully, I managed to not spread my icky germs to Bill or Emily.  I am happy to report I am now mostly better.

 

Here's a question for you.  Have you ever applied for a job without knowing it?  If your answer is no, then you are most certainly smarter than me.  Here's the deal.  When I had to do my stupid California veterinary licensing class (that is a GIANT SCAM!), one of the things mentioned was becoming involved in veterinary disaster relief.  By that I mean that in the case of an incident, such as a hurricane, earthquake, etc, you can sign up as being willing to help out.  I was interested in this since I've helped out after hurricanes in Florida.  So after the conference was over, I emailed the contact and told him I was interested.  Well the guy I emailed was in charge of the Federal disaster relief organization.  He told me that to get involved, there was a certain amount of time I would need to be willing to be available, etc, etc, etc.  To start off with, I had to go through these online BORING federal disaster planning courses.  Once I had completed them and taken certification tests, I just needed to email him back.  I took awhile to do the courses since they were so boring.  However, once I emailed him back, I quickly realized this was much more than just signing up to be a volunteer.  I've had to fill out more and more forms and have learned that the disaster relief position is an actual paid JOB.  So on Wednesday when I mentioned I had to go do an errand, the errand was that I had to go and get fingerprinted as part of the whole process.  Now that that is complete, I have to fill out this gigantic mongo information sheet.  They ask EVERYTHING about you.  Your past, your parent's past, what countries you've visited, etc.  That concerns me slightly since I visited Cuba in 2005.  I had a visa to do so but that always raises red flags.  Even the Cuban government knows that which is why they never actually stamped our passports, but rather, stamped our visa documents instead.  I thought that was nice of them actually….  But anyhow, as a warning, I've had to list many of you as people who have known me at some point and who can vouch for where I lived during various periods etc etc.  So if the federal government contacts any of you and asks questions about me, don't freak out.  I'm not under investigation for tax evasion or voter fraud (its not like I voted in 2 states….).  I don't even really know what kind of setup the job would be, since it is an "as needed" basis.  I figure I'll find out soon enough and if I don't like it, I won't accept it. 

 

Our weekend was kind of boring.  I spent Saturday catching up on stuff I was too destitute to get done during the week.  We watched Batman Begins on Saturday night.  We hadn't actually seen the movie before.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I thought it was really good.  Looking forward to seeing the Dark Knight now (yeah I know I'm WAY behind on my movie watching…) On Sunday I actually worked a shift at a local small animal hospital.  It was pretty low key.  Nothing majorly interesting.  I had a cocker spaniel successfully bite my eye, but she had a muzzle on and it only ended up being me getting head butted by a cocker spaniel.  Stupid cocker spaniels.  I don't know if any of you have them, but I am NOT a fan.  They are not to be trusted.  They have those big giant hangy dooly ears so you can't even gauge their body language very well based on their ears.  They'll just stare silently at you and not give you an indication of a forthcoming bite.  As a comparison, I saw something like 5 or 6 pit bulls that same day.  I think all but one successfully licked my face while I was trying to listen to their hearts.

 

On Monday, Emily was still off school and it was a holiday at my job so I STILL didn't have to go to work.  We had originally planned to go up to the mountains to play in the snow.  Unfortunately, the weather was really bad.  It was raining really hard here which meant that it was either raining or snowing in the mountains and we didn't want to get stuck on bad roads.  So we changed our plans and decided to visit a local aquarium, the Scripps Birch Aquarium.  It is a small aquarium but was interesting from an East coast family perspective.  We have visited numerous aquariums in Florida and along the east coast, and they usually showcase local species.  So it was a pleasant surprise to see that this aquarium showcased primarily Pacific species, many of which we hadn't seen before.  And some had really cool names.  The all-time winner of the day had to be the "Sarcastic Fringehead".  That's really the name of the fish!  I've decided that my pet name for Bill will now be "My Darling Sarcastic Fringehead". 

 

After we went through the aquarium it was time for lunch.  Being in the San Diego area, we had a plethora of places to choose from to go to lunch.  So naturally, we chose to go to a furniture store.  Yep.  This is not a joke.  We had a hankering for some Swedish meatballs from the IKEA store so we went there.  We LOVE the IKEA store.  For those of you that don't have one near you, I'm sorry.  The store has good quality, sensible, simple, plain, and inexpensive EVERYTHING.  Plus they have Swedish meatballs that are really good too.  We needed to go there anyhow to get a few items and walking around in the store is always fun.  So it made perfect sense for us to choose IKEA for lunch.  We are thrilled to know that a new IKEA store is being built in Tampa and should be open by the time we move back.  YAY!

 

On the current event front, I'm sure you are all aware that the controversial stimulus package was passed by the house and senate this week and will be signed by Obama on Tuesday.  I was DISGUSTED to learn that Hubbs is firmly ensconced in the whole thing.  Turns out that the Florida Fish and Wildlife folks who were the ones spearheading developing the new fish hatcheries in Florida, went to the Obama administration and asked for money for the project.  The end result is that as part of the stimulus package, the state of Florida will receive a butt-load of money to move this project forward in a quick fashion.  Which means Hubbs will be moving forward in Florida is a quick fashion.  Great.  My own employer is part of the pork.  Don't get me wrong, I'm all for hatcheries, I'm all for fish, and I think the plans that they made are sound.  But jamming that type of project in the stimulus package just seems so morally wrong.  ARGH!  So if, in a few years, you are munching on some Florida red drum and wonder why it tastes slightly "porky", now you know.

 

So that's pretty much it for me.  Fairly short and sweet.  I hope you all have a great week and I'll be in touch soon enough!

 
Greetings to everyone once again!  I hope you all had a fantastic week!

 

Our week was filled with Science Olympiad, Science Olympiad, and Science Olympiad.  As I mentioned last week, the official Regional competition was this Saturday.  Bill spent every day after school with his kids building extra airplane parts.  The robot broke a couple of servos and he had to order more.  That didn't allow Emily to practice as much as the other student, so it was decided that the other student would drive the robot during the actual event.



As for me, I gave the Reptile and Amphibian students last minute notes, but my hopes weren't high.  Most of the students had only been assigned to the event a few weeks prior and there was just too much information to digest in that short time period.  And the one student that I DID have throughout the time probably wouldn't do well on the test with a YEARS worth of study.  Let's just say this ISN'T his strong point.  The other event that I was coaching was Pentathlon and there really wasn't anything to do to prepare for that.  It involved just some general science knowledge questions, followed by some physical challenges.  And only a few weeks ago, I found out that the entire event will take less than 5 minutes to complete.  The only other event that I coached was Anatomy.  Emily is the only student in that event.  But with her musical rehearsals lasting till 5:30, she often doesn't get home till 6.  Then she has to do her homework and then eat dinner.  Then I'd have her read a portion of the book she had to read for pentathlon and occasionally she'd do some of the robot or plane stuff with Bill.  After all of that, I really didn't feel it was fair for me to accost her to study some MORE.  So we really didn't do hardly anything to prepare her for Anatomy.  We chatted a bit about stuff and she watched a few videos but we pretty much knew that her being in the event was really just about getting the school some additional participation points.

 

Bill has been pretty frustrated with his team members.  They are middle school boys so their attention span is about 1.7 seconds.  That makes it difficult to lead them in building very delicate balsa wood planes.  But he did his best.  For the competition, they ended up with one functional plane for each team.  Friday night was spent loading everything up into big plastic totes.  Everything had to be labeled.  I didn't have much to bring other than some extra documents in case the students forget theirs.  We tried to go to bed early but it didn't really happen.  The actual events didn't start until 8 am but they had additional practice flight time available in the gym from 6 to 7:30 am.  So our plan was to arrive there at 6 am.  The school where the competition took place was about 20 minutes away so we had to leave the house around 5:30 which meant in order to have time to get ready, load everything, etc, we needed to wake up at 4:30.  So that stunk. 

 

We knew the weather forecast was bad.  A "winter storm" was coming through.  I don't consider it a "storm" per se because my version of a storm results in tree limbs in the streets.  But for a city whose weather forecast is the same every single day, something different is a big deal.  But this time, the weather did stink.  It was sprinkling as we were loading up the car and it was really cold (I think the upper 30's).  The regional competition in San Diego (I learned this yesterday) is the largest regional competition in the country.  As a result, the parking is bad.  We had to park quite a bit a ways from the school and then lug our stuff to the event locations.  It had stopped raining by the time we got there and it was becoming less cold (I won't say it was warming up).  We brought our planes to the gym and Emily and Bill started their test flights.  It was interesting seeing other people's tests.  Some planes were flying well while others had about 2 seconds of air time before crashing and burning (figuratively, not literally although that would've been even cooler).  While they practiced I went back to the car to bring the robot.  The robot contest required that you "impound" it in the morning.  That means you sign it in and then you can't touch it again until just prior to your competition.  That prevents last minute tinkering after watching other people compete.  So I went and stood in line to impound the robot while Bill and Emily and one of the other students were practicing in the gym.  Turns out that the style of robot that Bill's team used was extremely popular.  There were a lot of groups with that type of kit.  



After the impound, I went back and collected Emily.  It was almost time for her first event, Anatomy.  I was a bit concerned that Emily had to start out her day with this event.  I knew that we hadn't done much and I know that it can be frustrating to spend an hour taking a test where you don't know any of the answers. So I advised her not to get frustrated and that we didn't get too much time to study so just have fun.  The anatomy test was set up in 15 stations.  They had a few minutes at each station where they'd have a few questions and then they'd rotate.  So there was no way for her to finish early.  Bill and I took that time to go to the Pacific Ridge (her school) headquarters and eat some provided breakfast.  I picked Emily up after the test and asked her how it went.  She said it wasn't too bad and some parts were easy whereas some parts weren't.  She was laughing at one question because it started out "Bob was playing his Game Cube online with friends and…."  She thought that was hilarious since OBVIOUSLY the Game Cube didn't have online play.  Clearly the test was written up by a grownup.  I was glad that it hadn't soured her attitude.  After that test, we had to hustle to her next event which was the Pentathlon.  The campus of the school is huge and the Pentathlon event was about as far away as it could be.  But we made it in time and had the team sign in.  The kids seemed to do well at their event but we could only watch from afar.  They said the questions were easy.  All total, it probably actually took them less than 2 minutes for the entire event.  I don't like that.  It felt like they really rushed the whole event and de-emphasized the science.  So in the end, the winner would probably be decided on which school did the physical challenges the quickest.  But there was nothing I could do about it.  Emily had about an hour before her next event so she went back with Bill to watch the robot competition.  I stayed at the Pentathlon event because I actually had 2 teams competing.  The next team wasn't for about half an hour.  I popped into another event called the trajectory.  In that event, the teams had to build a catapult type device and have it aim tennis balls at a particular location.  I guess the closer you got to the goal the better.  It was interesting to watch the kids measuring and adjusting their devices.  After watching that for a bit, I went back and signed in my second Pentathlon team.  They went pretty fast too, but I think they took longer than Emily's team. 

 

After the Pentathlon, I ran over to the amphibians and reptiles event to make sure that all my students had their books (they are allowed to use a field guide for the event).  They did.  After that, I ran over to the robot event.  Emily's team was up.  They got their robot out of impound and waited for their turn.  We watched several robot teams compete.  It was interesting to see the strategies that teams used to complete their task.  Some had "pusher" things to move all the objects whereas others had "grabbers".   It seemed like all the teams had some sort of problem.  One team had their remote stop working briefly whereas another one had their battery die.  When it was Pacific Ridge's turn, Emily and the other student took out their robot and quickly checked to make sure the power was on and everything was working.  Then they had to put their robot on a square and place a 30 x 30 plastic cube on top of it.  This was to make sure that their robot met the size specifications.  Nerves went up when they weren't able to get the robot in the cube without the wheels being off the ground.  That violated the rules since the rules stated that the robot should not move after the cube comes off (meaning that nothing can be squeezed in and it should all be comfortably self contained).  Luckily, the students moved the arms slightly which allowed everything to fit comfortably within the cube.  The judge said it was close but it would work.  They started off and immediately, we realized that the claw part wasn't responding.  Emily and the student were talking trying to get it working but it just wasn't working.  So they had to quickly change strategies and try to push all of the items into a different zone so they could at least get SOME points.  They did a good job of thinking on their feet and not panicking.  All in all, they ended up with very few points which was disappointing since they had so much more potential, but considering the challenges they were faced with, they did great.  It turns out that there was a loose connection to the claw and that is why it wasn't responding.  Bummer.



After that, Emily and Bill headed off to the Wright stuff event (the balsa wood plane).  I stopped by and checked on the Amphibian and Reptile kids.  One team told me it wasn't too hard whereas the other team told me they FAILED!  Not surprisingly, the team that told me they failed included the student that has had more time than anyone to study.  Again, it is NOT his strong point.  Anyway, I headed over to the Wright stuff which was held in the gym.  THAT was a cool event to watch.  Some of the planes would glide for several minutes and get some really good height.  They gym has a really high ceiling making it ideal for the event, but there are some hanging lights that can hang up the planes.  While I was watching, one plane got stuck and they had to construct this super long pole in order to get it down.  Emily and her teammate got signed in and had their planes and motors inspected.  Then they were up.  Emily flew the first flight.  It got a little lift but then came down in less than a minute.  It actually hit the ground and then got a little lift again so that was kind of a crowd pleaser.  After the first flight, they took the plane back and got the motor set up for their second flight.  The second flight was flown by her teammate and it didn't last more than 10 seconds.  So it certainly wasn't stellar, especially when compared to some of the teams whose planes were circling for minutes.  But given that this was the first year and all the challenges they had to overcome (including NOT having a home gym to practice in), they did great.  Bill's second team flew a little later and his flights weren't longer than 10 seconds either. 



After all Bill's teams had competed, they packed up their stuff and he took the planes back to the car.  By then, it had started to rain again.  Emily and I stayed at the Pacific Ridge headquarters.  Every school sets up a little table/tent where all the parents can hang out while their kids are competing.  Most events are not observable.  The robot and plane ones are some of the few with audiences allowed.  Pacific Ridge brought in pizza for lunch for the parents and students.  We were forewarned and brought chairs so that we had a place to sit and eat.  Thankfully, we were set up in a covered area because it was raining pretty heavily even by a Floridian's standards.  We had our pizza and all the kids just hung out and played games.  The events were over by 1pm but the awards ceremony didn't start until 2:30 so there was some down time.  I took a short nap after lunch since I had gotten up so early.  I had to take my nap sitting next to 10 middle school boys loudly yelling and screaming while playing a card game.  But I've slept at a marching band contest and I've slept at a NASCAR race in the front row so noise doesn't really bother me all that much.  After a short nap, we had to break everything down and load up our stuff into our car.  Bill and I lugged everything left and just had Emily go to the gym to wait for us.  It was raining hard and we didn't want her to get all soaked without a good cause.  Bill was wearing a raincoat, but my jacket was not water proof.  By the time we got to the car, I was pretty soaked.  The rain lightened up slightly on the way back to the gym but it didn't really matter.  I was super cold.  We got to the gym and sat with the rest of our Pacific Ridge group and waited for the ceremony to begin.  Emily didn't really want to stay for the awards but I insisted.  Its part of supporting your school even though, being that it was our first year, our hopes weren't very high.  



The award ceremony was rather long but there was no way around it.  There were 22 events in the middle school division and they give awards to the top 15 placers.  This seems like a lot but in the middle school division alone, there were 72 teams, so to get 15th place is an accomplishment.  Luckily, they made the announcements quickly and it wasn't long and drawn out.  We started out strong when we found out that our school placed 2nd in the "Compute This" event.  We were elated!  Our group cheered loudly as the student went down to get his award.  There were many events where our student DIDN'T place but it was super exciting to find out that our students DID place in several events.  We got 10th place in "Road Scholar", 3rd place in "Science Crime Busters", 11th place in "Trajectory" etc.  When Pentathlon was being announced, Emily was crossing her fingers.  We KNEW that the Robot score was too low to be competitive and we knew that the flight time for the Wright stuff was not long enough.  But she felt that Pentathlon was a possibility because they were on a pretty even keel with the rest of the teams.  I felt the same way.  Unfortunately, none of our teams placed.  It was disappointing but I wasn't terribly surprised.  It's such a short event that the slightest delay can move you from 1st to last.  That only left Anatomy for Emily as a possibility but we knew that that was not likely.  So imagine our surprise when Pacific Ridge got 11th place in Anatomy!!!!!!!!  Emily was elated.  She ran down and got her ribbon and her picture taken.  Her school cheered her on.  I was stunned.  As I explained, we hardly did ANY studying and she was on the team by herself compared to most teams that were in pairs.  However, I must state for the record that Emily is extremely inquisitive and as a result, her BASELINE knowledge of anatomy was probably (and I guess this proves it), greater than most people's knowledge AFTER studying.  I can't tell you how proud we are of this achievement.  All in all, Pacific Ridge placed in 8 out of the 22 events which was phenomenal.  After the individual events, the top 10 schools were given trophies.  Once again, the school was stunned and elated to end up with a 9th place trophy!  All the students ran down and had their picture taken with the trophy.  This is the first trophy that the school has ever received and it was an exciting time.  



We left before the high school awards were given out but they did just as well and they placed 10th place overall.  Given the small size of the school, the fact that this is our first year and the fact that this is the LARGEST regional competition in the nation, we are so SUPER proud of all of the students.  In order to go to state, it turns out that it is based on the overall school score.  Usually the top 5-8 schools per regional are invited to the state competition.  So going to state is probably not going to happen.  But the fact that we even came close is an amazing achievement. You can read a local newspaper article about the event (not necessarily her school here http://www.nctimes.com/articles/2009/02/08/news/inland/rb/zf58df926c46196e6882575560083540e.txt ).  And Bill has put up pictures and some video we shot here  http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100104&view=grid&bgcolor=dkgrey&sel=0  If you have any problems with the video, let me know and I'll get you a different format.

 

On the way home, Bill had to stop for gas.  As we were pulling out, I noticed a strange patch of "white stuff" on the grass.  I asked Bill what it was and he explained that it was probably from the tree nearby that can drop stuff.  However, when I pointed out that another patch of grass (without a tree) had this "white stuff" we took a closer look.  Turns out there must have been a very patchy area of hail.  It was really cool to see because there were some areas where the hail accumulated in the form of a drift.  Being Floridian's, Emily and I insisted that Bill pull over so we could touch the hail.  Yeah, kinda cheesy but we are used to our precipitation in the form of a liquid.  Any divergence from that is super cool.  Emily and I threw hail at each other and then got back in the car. 

 

Once we got home we celebrated by having some Killer Pizza (of course).  I spent the rest of the evening snuggled under blankets on the couch.  I was cold to the bone after having spent the whole day cold and wet, but it was well worth it.  I've already done research on starting a team at her school in Florida.  Apparently the regional competition in her area in Florida only has 7(!) schools competing.  So clearly, there is a need to build up the Science Olympiad in Florida.  I look forward to it and hope that her school is willing to allow me to try and build up some teams.  I think it is a great thing.  It allows kids to study in depth, subjects that would NEVER be taught at school.  Such as fossil identification, in depth anatomy, learning to build a strong bridge, learning crime solving techniques etc.  I'm going to start building a proposal and will be talking with her school shortly.  And by the way, we found out this week that she has been 100% re-accepted back at her old school, so everything is falling into place!

 

So what else happened this week?  Well…not much I guess.  As I said, our week pretty much revolved around the Olympiad.  Now that it's over it's kind of weird.  Emily is off this next week (they call it a mid-winter break) but she's still going to have to go in one day this week for musical rehearsal.  They are really stepping up the amount of rehearsals they have.  Her performances will be on the 27th and 28th of February.  NASCAR season is back on so we will be spending most of our Sundays watching cars go around in circles.  And while I haven't started packing yet, I have started going through stuff and getting rid of anything that I don't need.  Most of this was accomplished PRIOR to our move here but there are still a few things that can be eliminated. 

 

One other thing that happened this week was newsworthy here in California, but perhaps not elsewhere.  California is officially broke.  As a result, state offices are now closed twice a month on Fridays including the DMV.  And anyone expecting a state income tax refund will only receive an IOU.  That's wonderful.  They will put a lien on your house if you fail to pay taxes on time, but if you overpayed….well….they really need the money right now so you'll just have to wait.  Be forewarned.  This is the way things are headed.  California is a model for the way the US is going and it stinks. 

 

I apologize for the long email but the Olympiad was a very fun and interesting experience.  There are Science Olympiad organizations in every state, so if you have kids and their school doesn't have one, I'd highly recommend talking to the teachers to see if they can start.  It's a great opportunity for kids and they learn a lot. 

 

I hope everyone enjoyed their weekend and I'll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope that you all had a great week.  Hard to believe that we are already into February!

 

As I mentioned in my last email, Bill came back this week.  He arrived on Tuesday morning.  I worked a half day and then went and picked him up from the airport.  His relaxing at home was short lived however.  That afternoon, he was scheduled to meet with his group of kids to work on the planes for the Science Olympiad.  Although I stated that last week was the last official school meeting, there was another one scheduled at the last minute for this Saturday.  I guess there were several teams that needed a lot more practice time (including Bill's groups). 

 

Emily continues to have more and more musical rehearsals after school.  She had several after school this week and also had a Saturday morning rehearsal.  The last Science Olympiad meeting (this time is REALLY the last) was also on Saturday morning.  So Emily was only able to attend for about 30 minutes before running off to musical rehearsal.  Bill managed to get both Balsa wood planes built and he spent all of Saturday morning in the gym flight testing the planes with the kids on his team. He said it was a disaster.  The planes are SO fragile that the boys managed to break them in several places either through handling them or when they landed a bit badly.  The planes are powered by a "motor" that consists of a tightly winded rubber band.  Bill had gone to several hobby stores looking for winders and couldn't find any.  So he employed Emily to build one using our Lego set that has a bunch of gears on it.  She made a fantastic winder that is at a 25:1 ratio for winding (meaning you only have to wind once to get 25 winds of the rubber band).  It worked phenomenally well.  Even the ones that you can buy are only 15:1.  Bill said the boys were more impressed with the rubber band winder than the planes.  Bill will be spending time working with Emily and the boys every day after school this week.  They will be building extra airplane parts so that if something breaks, they'll have extra parts available. 

As for me, I helped the robot team practice their drills.  Emily is on the team with an 8th grade boy.  Since Emily had to rehearse, I just had him practice over and over with the robot.  My amphibian and reptile kids have all the info on all the animals now.  It's now up to them to incorporate everything in their book and just learn learn learn.  The actual Science Olympiad competition is this Saturday the 7th.  Emily is in 4 events, Anatomy, Pentathlon, Wright Stuff (balsa plane) and Robo-Cross (the robot).  It will be a busy busy day for ALL of us since Bill is coaching 2 events and I am coaching 4.  This competition is the regional competition.  It was kind of funny when I was talking with Bill.  We were both saying how GLAD we were that the Olympiad stuff is almost over.  We are both very tired after all the work we've put into it.  HOWEVER, that implies that neither one of us have ANY hopes that our teams will advance to the state competition.  That was kind of bad of us, but I think that is the way it will be.  Bill will be lucky if his boys can keep their planes in the air (because it has to be ONLY them at the competition and Bill can no longer help).  My amphibian student has NOT been wowing me with his knowledge.  I've also had several more students added to the team at the last minute so they are going to be tested on a bunch of stuff after only having about 2 weeks to study.  As long as the students learned something along the way, I think it was well worth it.  I know I learned TONS about amphibians and reptiles.  And like I said, I will be approaching Emily's school in Florida about getting involved in the Science Olympiad.  So hopefully this won't be the last you see of us in regards to the Science Olympiad.

 

In job news, my leaving was finally revealed to the remainder of the staff this week.  My supervisor sent out a rather nice email announcing that I was moving back.  I was quickly inundated with emails from the aquaculture staff.  They told me they were gonna give me the silent treatment from now on.  They were kidding of course.  One of them said it was the worst news ever.  That made me feel very guilty.  Plus, I felt bad that I wasn't the one to break the news to them.  On Bill's recommendation, I opted to bring them Krispy Kreme donuts the next day.  They were a big hit.  I told them they were "guilt donuts".  They asked if I'd be bringing donuts every day until I leave since I should have guilt for that entire time.  I will do what I can, especially since I also get a benefit from visiting Krispy Kreme.  But definitely NOT every day.  I've been surprised that no one has really asked me yet, WHY I'm leaving.  I think they are still so surprised by the whole thing that they haven't reached the stage of wondering why yet. 

 

Saturday was also a red letter day because………..it is now officially Girl Scout cookie selling season!  Emily and I took advantage of the fact that most people stay home on Super bowl Sunday.  We went around the neighborhood earlier today selling door to door.  She sold a fair amount of cookies already.  I know that most of you are very far away so buying cookies may not be very feasible (although we won't stop you if you want some!).  But if any of you would like to buy cookies for the US troops, please email me or Emily.  Her troop is part of "Operation Thin Mint".  All the money goes to sending Girl Scout cookies overseas for the troops to enjoy.  They have a big send off in the spring on the USS Midway here in San Diego.  Boxes are $4 a piece.  On a somewhat related topic, Emily has started her own blog.  On the blog (in addition to other things) she has listed the types of cookies that she's selling.  If you are interested, you can find her blog here.  I know she'd love to get some comments.  http://toxicxenargon.blogspot.com/

 

As many of you probably did, we are spent our Sunday in front of the TV to watch the Super bowl.  I'm not a big Steelers fan and I like the underdog, so I was rooting for the Cardinals.  It was really close for a bit.  But unfortunately I wasn't to be.  Overall I thought the commercials were a big bore.  There were a few funny ones but they were few and far between.  My favorite was the one where the guy had to work underneath a moose butt.  At least the game proved to be interesting.  Bill grilled up some delicious burgers and we had yummy root beer floats and nachos.  Emily stated that she ate too much today, as did I.  But that's what the Superbowl is all about right?

 

Well that'll about do it for me this week.  We will be super busy finishing up last minute Science Olympiad things this week so think of us on Saturday!  You know you'll be hearing from me soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  Hope you had a great and interesting week!

 

For me and Emily, it was fairly low key.  As you know, Bill spent his week in the 9th circle of hell.  That usually makes for some not so great days. 

 

I didn't actually speak to Bill during the majority of the conference.  He was way too busy.  We spoke briefly when the conference was nearly over and he was tired and felt that it was the worst conference in terms of the amount of problems.  But that's pretty much what I always hear every year.  Sure enough, once he gained some perspective, he said that it wasn't actually THAT bad; he's just a perfectionist and is way too hard on himself.  The problem is that quite often, he's the only one actually giving a damn about things.  Anyhow, the conference ended on Wednesday and they successfully made it through.  The economy has affected conference attendance which was down about 10-15% compared to year.  That's not surprising.  



After the conference ended, Bill helped the staff pack everything up.  Then he and his buddy Blake traveled up to the panhandle of Florida (Pensacola to be exact) to dive the Orisakany.  You can find information on the Oriskany here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_Oriskany_(CV-34)#2004_-_artificial_reef  Basically, it is the first aircraft carrier ever purposefully sunk to be used as an artificial reef.  Bill and Blake have been trying to dive there for several years, but something always happened.  This year they finally made it.  Bill said that the water was VERY choppy and the boat captain told them they could either scratch the dive completely, or take an hour and half to get there.  They opted for the hour and a half.  Then once they were near the wreck, the dive master got in the water and had trouble even LOCATING the wreck.  The clarity wasn't all that great.  But despite the issues, they successfully dove the wreck.  Bill was very happy to scratch that one off his life's to do list.  The boat captain told them that in the month of January, they have had 11 dive trips scheduled.  All but one has had to be scratched due to poor weather conditions.  They were the lucky ones!  They spent the weekend diving in the springs and on Monday Bill will wrap up any loose ends at the office.  He will be flying back home to San Diego on Tuesday.

As for Emily and me, it was pretty much life as usual.  She is having more and more musical rehearsals after school.  She continues to state that she's having a great time.  Believe me; I'm as confused as you are about that. 

 

The big news this week, of course, was the coronation of our new president.  Did I say coronation?  I meant inauguration.  I did my best to not watch any of it.  For me, there is nothing to celebrate.  We are moving from bad president to a worse president as I see it.  I appreciate the historic nature of the presidency and I appreciate that our country continues to have regular changes of power in a peaceful manner.  That is all respectable.  But I am not optimistic about this administration in the slightest.  In fact, I am very concerned about what is coming next.  This country has completely moved away from the debate about "SHOULD the government bail "X" out".  It has quickly turned into, WHO the government should bail out.  How about not bailing anyone out?  And obviously, I have the previous president to blame.  But it looks like it will continue 10 fold.  If they're gonna bail anybody out, how bout sending all Americans 18 years of age or older 1 million dollars.  We'd stimulate the economy and it would still end up cheaper for the government than what they're proposing.  But I've made my opinions clear previously.  I am a libertarian and feel that Americans do best when the government keeps their nose out of other people's business.  This administration is the antithesis of everything I believe in.  Just listen to any of the speeches, statement etc from the administration.  All they talk about is what they are going to do FOR you.  News flash, they can't do ANYTHING without using YOUR money to do it.  And I guess the most annoying thing for me to see is the absolute godlike quality that everyone sees in Obama.  In their eyes, he is the messiah and can do no wrong.  That transcends the realm of just partisanship and, as I see it, becomes a little scary.  I've spent the last week or so viewing the different news networks websites (Foxnews, CNN and MSNBC).  I have not seen a single negative thing mentioned on CNN or MSNBC about Obama.  I wouldn't say I've seen negative things on Foxnews, but they have at least reported the concerns that the GOP or 9-11 families have with certain issues.  If you rely only one website for your news, you are, without a doubt, getting a very one-sided opinion.  I recommend y'all try comparing sites now and again.  It's interesting.

 

There still has not been any announcement about my leaving at my job.  It's getting a little annoying too.  People are asking me questions or making statements using the assumption that I'm staying.  Given the way I've seen other things go, I think I'm gonna have to set a deadline of my own for the announcement.  If they still haven't figured out how to tell everyone by Valentine's Day, I will tell them that it's gotta happen.  



When it comes to my job, this week was extraordinarily frustrating for me.  I won't bore you with the details, but they are having trouble dealing with a particular state regulator.  This regulator has regular access to our facilities (above and beyond what he should) and although he feels he's being helpful (and I genuinely believe he's not intentionally being malicious) he continues to make statements that are public record that are based on pure conjecture and in some cases, flat out incorrect.  I have brought these statements to Hubbs' attention on numerous occasions and everyone is quite upset about them.  So what do they do to fix the problem?  Well, my big lesson for this week is that THIS IS CALIFORNIA.  I've discovered that people in California are by in large, politically correct namby pambys.  God forbid you take the regulator aside and discuss your concerns.  God forbid you restrict his access to the facilities he shouldn't be at.  Instead, they send polite PC emails outlining what our Hubbs procedures are to him.  As if he really cares.  They draft up responses to reports that are incorrect, rather than calling him up and asking why he's stating conjecture as fact.  And despite my many attempts to actually get the higher ups at Hubbs to do what they need to do, I've realized it's just NOT going to happen.  Like I said, they are namby pambys and don't want to "hurt anyone's feelings".  They would rather have their organization's name dragged through the mud in a potentially bad way than "hurt someone's feelings."  Ok then.  They've made their bed and now they can sleep in it.  Early in the week, I was feeling a bit nostalgic.  I was thinking about how much I would miss the fish stuff (which I will).  But I will most DEFINITELY not miss this kind of crap.  This week was an affirmation of the fact that I made the right choice in moving back.



On Friday, Emily had another really long day.  She had her musical rehearsal until 5:30 and then another girl scout meeting until 8:30.  We got all the information packets for "drum roll……………………….."  Girl Scout Cookie Season!  Yes, the season is upon us.  Girl scouts will start taking orders next week.  Emily enjoyed selling cookies last year and did a great job.  She got a lot of prizes out of it.  This year, there is a new cookie "Dulce de Leche".  We got samples at the meeting and it is really good.  I recommend it.  Nothing beats the Samoas (in my opinion) but they are darn good in their own right.  Another cool thing that her troop does is they have "Operation Thin Mint".  That is where if you didn't actually want to buy cookies, but wanted to buy cookies for the troops over seas you can do so.  And its tax deductible.  They send more than just Thin Mints overseas.  So once we are able to start taking orders, if any one is interested in giving a soldier some cookies, just let me know.

 

On Saturday, we had our last regularly scheduled Science Olympiad meeting.  It was a busy one.  I had Emily create a mock up of the actual board they would be using for the Robo-Cross event.  The robot has to pick up various items (legos, golf balls, coins etc) and place them in boxes.  I had made the boxes and gathered all the required items.  I had Emily and the other student each practice the event over and over.  We are still quite behind in the plane building event.  The student who took his plane home last week brought it back and worked on it some more on Saturday.  His teammate is Emily.  The other plane also had 2 students.  One was the crappy one that got kicked off my Pentathlon team.  He showed up on Saturday and worked a little bit, but didn't do quality work and ended up giving up about mid way through.  Then I received quite a surprise.

 

Through this entire Science Olympiad event there have been a few students that have been in several of mine or Bill's events.  One such student was originally on my Amphibians and Reptiles team and then had to leave when he joined Bill's "Wright Stuff" airplane team.  When leaving, his mom introduced herself to me and explained why he had to leave and wanted to make sure it was OK and was just overly kind and generous.  I told her that I understood and I appreciated her going out of her way to talk with me.  Throughout the course of the Olympiad she has been one of the only parents who was ALWAYS there at the meetings even though she wasn't coaching anything.  She helped with financing time at the local gym for some of the events which needed a gym for practice.  She gave her time to bring in coffee and bagels for everyone.  She seemed like a genuinely devoted parent and genuinely generous individual and I found her to be quite impressive.  Well this Saturday, she dropped off some books from the Pentathlon but I did not see her son.  After seeing her briefly, I learned that she was removing her son from the school and would therefore be removing him from the Science Olympiad as well.  This was a huge shock and affected both Bill's team as well as my Pentathlon team.  That leaves one of his airplane teams with crappy student boy ONLY.  I told Bill that if he shows up for a mid week building session, then great.  Otherwise, he should just scrap that team altogether and concentrate on the other one.  My guess is that that is what will happen.  



On Sunday, Hubbs had a Whale watching trip planned for employees, donors, and guests.  Because of how seasick I got on my LAST adventure out into the Pacific, I stopped on the way and bought some Dramamine.  But I decided to wait before I took it.  I do NOT do well with Dramamine because it knocks me out cold.  And like I said when I recounted my seasickness drama, I've been on a LOT of boats and hadn't experienced seasickness like that before.  Once we were on board, it wasn't too bad.  But once we hit open water, I realized very quickly that I would absolutely need it.  I popped one quick and gave one to Emily.  It wasn't but 10 minutes later before I saw someone puking over the side.  Then a friend of mine was next.  So it was a rough ride.  



As for whale watching, I suppose it was a success.  We saw a mom and a calf gray whale pair and then we saw several other gray whales.  No breaching occurred but we got some good fluke shots.  In addition, we also saw some dolphins and some sea lions.  It was pretty darn cold though.  Once the viewing was over, I happily retired to the decks below where it was warmer.  But while down there, I was fighting sleep.  The fog of Dramamine had definitely rolled in.  One we were home, I lost consciousness for about 2 hours.  And the rest of the evening I remained in a fog.  I hate Dramamine.  But I'm glad I took it.  I know that if I hadn't, I would have joined in the groups of people feeding the fishes over the side.

 

Well that about does it for me.  We are definitely looking forward to having Bill back.  I've had to spend way to much time in the room with the stove and stuff.  I forget the name of that room.  But it has come in useful when Emily and I develop hunger.  Normally Bill helps us with that.  Alas he has been away.  I know I speak for both Emily and I when I say that we have missed him a bunch and are very happy to finally get him back home.

 

I hope you all have a great week and I'll be in touch!

 
Hello again everyone!  I hope everyone has had a great week.  Is everyone ready for Obama-mania week!

 

Many of you may be wondering how my job quitting has been going.  Well it's finally over.  On Monday, I went in and told my supervisor that I appreciated the offer but we were decided that we were moving back.  I figured I had babbled enough the previous week so I didn't bother to give any further explanations.  I could tell she was bummed/annoyed but I think she realized over the weekend that it was going to end this way.  She even said something about realizing that this had all been "too little too late".  So she accepted my leaving but asked me to keep it quiet for now.  I guess she didn't want my announcement to cause a re-creation of the scene from Airplane where the flight attendants announce that they're out of coffee.  I definitely know I'm replaceable.  I just also know that a lot of the aquaculture staff have come to rely on me heavily and they want to present my leaving in association with a set plan for moving forward.  I'm fine with that.  I will continue to work there until the end of April.  I will spend May and June doing relief work which will allow me the flexibility in scheduling to coordinate packing and planning for the move.  Emily's school ends in the middle of June.  Our tenants in Florida have already indicated that they will stay until July 1 so that is our target "arrive in Florida" date.  Which means that, lucky me, I get to spend my birthday (June 28) moving!  Ah well.  Can't have it all.

 

A friend of mine from Hubbs (a geneticist) sits at the desk next to mine.  She's been privy to all my leaving plans.  She holds a similar position to mine and has been with Hubbs longer.  We both have frustrations with the place and have kind of fed off of each other's frustrations.  When I told her that I was applying for the SeaWorld job many weeks ago, she confided in me that she had been sent a posting for a position on the East coast.  She said it was a desirable position but she felt obligated to stay at Hubbs.  Well, she's the only person at Hubbs that knows about all my trouble trying to quit and their attempts to keep me.  I had been asked not to discuss the offer they made me, so I kept my word and didn't tell her what they offered me.  But she's a smart one and knows that if they were wooing me to the extent that they did, that they offered me significantly more than even she was making and she's been there longer.  So this whole thing has accelerated her annoyance with Hubbs.  Although the application date for the job had passed, the posting was sent to her once again this week, STRONGLY encouraging her to apply.  Well this time, she did.  She said she felt like the celestial committee was trying to tell her something.  It'll be interested to see what happens.  Bill says I'm contagious.  Well if she ends up in a better situation with better pay then I'm fine being contagious.

 

On Tuesday of this week, Bill left to go to Orlando.  The veterinary conference that he works at is taking place this week.  His flight was on Tuesday morning.  He packed two bags of luggage because at the conclusion of the conference he will spend a few days SCUBA diving with his friend Blake (who is also working at the conference).  When we weighed his first bag, we discovered it was 57 pounds and the weight limit is 50 pounds or else you have to pay $75 more.  His other bag was at 40 pounds.  Well using some creative re-packing maneuvers, we got the one bag down to 49 pounds and the other to 48.  The airline people congratulated us on our repacking talents.  When Bill's boarding passes printed out we discovered that in an attempt to lower costs, they no longer provide those paper envelopes to keep your boarding passes in.  WHAT is this world coming to!  How are we supposed keep our boarding passes safe without the envelopes!

 

After saying goodbye to Bill, I had to drive in to work.  Because of Bill's bags, we drove the Isuzu Rodeo to the airport.  Up until that moment, I hadn't driven it yet.  So when I got in the car, I momentarily freaked out as I turned the ignition and got no response.  Then I remembered that the car is a MANUAL and I had to push in the clutch.  Now let me explain.  I drive a manual car.  I have no problem driving a manual car since I do it all the time.  But at that moment, I realized that, other than a wicked cool NASCAR experience (where I went 163.8 mph by the way); I have not driven another manual car.  They're just not that common.  So I felt like a fish out of water even though I should've known what I was doing.  I fumbled around the controls and even managed to accidentally turn on the WIPERS!  So I felt really stupid and this was even before I had backed out of the parking space.  Once I backed out of the parking space, I realized that I hadn't disengaged the parking brake.  I rolled my eyes at myself as I drove out of the airport.  When I got to the parking payment place, I pulled up badly and had to put the parking brake on, take my seatbelt off, and lean out the window so that I could put my prepaid ticket in the machine.  At this point, I was calling myself a dumb girl.  I'm a girl and I felt dumb so I'm allowed to say that. 

Anyhow, I was finally on my way to Hubbs which thankfully isn't all that far from the airport.  Right before I arrived at Hubbs, I went through a drive through to grab a quick bite to eat.  When I rolled down my window I smelled the burning rubber.  It was then that I realized that I HAD NEVER DISENGAGED THE PARKING BRAKE THE SECOND TIME!!!  Ugh!! I was so MAD at myself!  I can't believe I did that.  So at that point, not only did I feel like a dumb girl, but a dumb BLONDE girl.  And if your blonde, then no worries.  You probably didn't get that joke anyhow.  



Bill's flights went mostly without incident.  At least HIS flight didn't land in the Hudson River.  How bout that huh?!  But anyhow, he arrived in Orlando at 10 pm their time and met with a few people before calling it a day at about midnight.  This time difference thing has been very weird to deal with.  Usually, I wouldn't get to talk to him much because he would usually work till 1-2 in the morning.  I am NOT a night owl and usually am in bed before 11 so I would only get to chat a little bit.  But now, he can call even when it's late for him.  We refer to the conference as the ninth circle of hell.  So I'm not going to sugar coat it.  Bill sleeps very little, works way too much and eats hardly anything during these few weeks.  So our conversations have been few and it's pretty much been him informing me of all the things that are going wrong.  So it's pretty much going as usual.  But don't worry; they always manage to pull it off in the end.  It's kind of ironic that the conference is taking place the same week I have officially decided to quit at Hubbs.  It was during the conference LAST year that I first had my interview with Hubbs. 

 

Emily's musical rehearsals are getting more and more frequent as the performance date approaches.  She had to stay after school late several days this week which made my work schedule slightly easier to manage.  I am getting to work a little later than normal since I have to drop her off, but it hasn't affected my schedule too terribly much.  Emily doesn't have school on Monday so I'll be working from home that day.  That's really the only major effect.  She says the rehearsals are going well and she's been enjoying them.  I think the cast is developing a camaraderie which is nice to see.

 

Emily has also been enjoying working on puzzles recently.  She completed two puzzles last week and was working on a fairly tough photo mosaic puzzle this week.  The first two puzzles, she had done in her room and she had no problems.  The photo mosaic puzzle, she decided to do in the living room.  She was progressing fairly well and had completed all the edging in a day.  The next morning as we were preparing to leave in the morning, Emily asked me where the puzzle went.  I looked and we both realized that every single puzzle piece that had been left on the coffee table was gone.  Due to the history of previous puzzle piece eating, we believe that Nina had a super high dose of fiber this week.  So that stunk because it was a really cool puzzle.

 

On Saturday, we had another Science Olympiad meeting.  This week has been interesting in dealing with the students I have in the Pentathlon event.  I had a student (that I think I mentioned was being a pain), who started having a really bad attitude and was ruining it for everyone.  Well, the teacher in charge finally had it and kicked him off the team.  That has left us with one empty slot and only a few weeks left until the competition.  She's trying to find me another team member.  When it comes to the Amphibians and Reptiles event, I've gained 3 new students at the last minute.  I'm trying to get them all up to speed on the event.  I'm having Emily watch Anatomy videos when she can although she's pretty saturated in terms of having school, musical and three OTHER science Olympiad events.  And in addition to the events I have, I helped the students from Bill's teams this week.  The robot is pretty much done; the students just need to practice.  The planes, on the other hand, need a lot of work.  One of the students took a plane home and says he'll work on it with his dad while Bill is gone.  The other plane had 2 students assigned to be working on it.  One is a great kid.  The other happens to be the same kid with the bad attitude.  Well he didn't even show up at the last Science Olympiad meeting so I'm not sure if he decided just to quit everything or what.  The teacher will be asking him next week.  I know absolutely nothing about building balsa wood planes, but I tried to help as much as possible.  We'll see how much progress we can make.

 

The rest of our weekend was low key.  Emily received something called a Wii speak from her grandparents.  It allows you to talk to other people over the Wii network, while playing a game.  It's pretty cool and I know she's had a lot of fun with it.  At this point, the only game that it works with is Animal Crossing but I know there are plans to expand further.  Valentino remains missing.  We plan on removing the signs from the neighborhood this week.  Emily remains convinced that he will return.    Let's hope she's right.

 

That'll do it for this week.  Everybody have fun at your respective inauguration parties.  It seems like there's about a billion planned.  I'll be in touch soon enough!

 
Greetings again everyone!  I hope everyone is having a great 2009 so far! 

Well it has certainly been another interesting week for us.  As you know, we've been spending the last several weeks reassessing our priorities and making life changing decisions.  The reasons are varied but I'll try to sum it up as succinctly as I can. 

Ever since I graduated from vet school, we've been in a state of flux.  Almost every job I've had has either had a predefined end point or ended up HAVING a defined end point without me having anything to do with it.  For example, my internship was just a year.  My master's degree obviously didn't last forever.  My position with the state of Florida was only for one year.  And although I was happy at the bird sanctuary, they ran out of funding and had to shut down.  As a result, we have ALWAYS been living in a mindset where we KNEW we would probably be moving.  We always kept our boxes after a move.  We have big giant fish tanks that we typically only put one or two fish in (if that) because we didn't want to have to dismantle a whole coral reef setup.  To sum it up, we're tired of living that way.  At some point, we need to ARRIVE at our destination. 

When we decided to move here, it was with the thought that we were making our final major move.  But even then, we KNEW we would be moving again (at least locally).  We still have every single box we moved here with, stored in the garage.  Our fish tanks sit empty in our garage.  And the more we thought about it, we realized our future wasn't secure here either.  We can't POSSIBLY afford the type of house we would WANT here in San Diego.  The housing prices are ridiculous.  In fact, this whole state is imploding.  California is majorly bankrupt.  Recent audits indicate that it is a spending issue (lots of overspending, misappropriation of funds etc) rather than a cash flow issue.  Yet in typical political thinking, their solution is to try and increase the cash flow by raising taxes on anything and everything they can think of.  To sum it up, as a family we can make more and decrease our cost of living significantly, by moving elsewhere.  That results in a net increase in our quality of life. 

Now when it comes to my job, I do enjoy it.  But this field is never lucrative (I knew this from the get go).  I was fine with it for awhile.  But my mindset has changed and I am no longer fine with it.  I would rather have a job I like slightly less, in a place I like a lot more, and the freedom to enjoy my days off as I see fit.  Many of my family members (Bill included) are worried or saddened that it some ways, I have given up on aquatic medicine.  That is not true.  I have done it, I have enjoyed it, and I have come to the realization that that is not how I want to spend the rest of my days.  So once we sat down and thought about it, we realized we essentially had the entire country to choose.  Both Bill and I can pretty much do what we do anywhere.  Obviously, I don't want any place more north that we already are, so that eliminates most of the country.  I want a beach, so that limits us even further.  When it came down to taking all things into consideration, cost of living, no income tax in Florida, the love that Emily and I have for Florida etc, we decided that St. Pete was the place for us.  Heck, the state income tax savings alone will more than make up for moving costs.  As a result, Bill and I have decided to move back to St. Petersburg, Florida.  And yes, the dirty little secret is that even though I've really only mentioned Emily's disdain for California, I can honestly say I didn't have that different of an opinion.  I just had to keep it quiet for her sake.  Both Emily and I are Florida girls.  Bill liked California but he liked Florida too.  He's happy that we are finally calling a place home. I can continue to do aquatic medicine (as I was before) in Florida.  I was already working one day a week at the Florida aquarium and was still in the loop with manatee stuff.  So I can find a way to keep in the biz without having to punch a clock every day so to speak.  And I do this happily.  I am very happy about this.  Bill is very happy about this.  We are excited to finally KNOW that we are going to call a place home.  

So this has come as a big surprise to our families and quite honestly, to ourselves.  We would have NEVER made a move this big with the thought that we'd be doing everything in reverse a year later.  

The next step in getting this whole process going was in letting my job know of my plans.  Once Bill and I had decided definitively, I was going to try and let my supervisor know immediately.  As you may recall, I had asked them to tell me what they could offer me.  I wanted to prevent them from working too hard on figuring that out since it really didn't matter to me what they offered me.  Unfortunately, I was too late.  Tuesday morning, I was summoned into my supervisor's office.  She told me that she had talked to several people and had several options for me.  She said they could definitely extend my contract for a year and they could increase my salary slightly, but it really was (in my biased opinion) not a very good offer at all.  She said I could also take on some additional roles to make some additional money.  Basically, work more and you'll make more.  Quite frankly, I think I deserve more period and shouldn't have to take on additional stuff in order to get it (so you're aware, what I was offered was ~65% less than my potential salary in Florida not even taking cost of living into consideration).  But since she had just spent around 10 minutes explaining everything, I didn't feel it was the right time to tell her we had already decided.  So I waited a day. 

The next day, I went in and told her that we had decided to move back to Florida.  I explained that money certainly was a factor but by no means the only one.  It was a quality of life issue.  I babbled a bit.  She was visibly bummed but said she understood.  I left her office in good terms and went back to my desk happy to have that deal all over with.  Then the indigestion started. 

About 30 minutes after I left her office, she called me back.  She asked if I had told Emily yet.  I said no.  She then requested that I give her a few more days.  She said she had already talked to several other people and wanted to come up with another offer.  Being caught off guard, I stupidly said OK.  I was mad at myself as soon as I said it but then I figured I'd at least give them one more chance.  I'd listen to what they had to say even knowing that it probably wouldn't make a difference.   She went on for another 10-20 minutes about all the other things that she felt the position would offer me.  She also started saying that I could get involved in a bunch of other things (many of which she at one point had said I wouldn't have much time for).  It was really a little crazy.  So I left her office and tried to get back to work.  But by then, I was really flustered.  I was mad at myself for not having gotten the word across and delaying the whole process.  I also thought that it was weird that I had already asked for their offer and they had given it.  Yet now they were regrouping and finding something more.  That kind of ticked me off. 

Anyhow, I tried to get back to work but it wasn't working well.  I called Bill and updated him on everything.  I apologized for not successfully managing to quit.  But he understood.  Anyhow, I slowly managed to get back into the groove of things that day.  However, that afternoon, I received yet another summons back into her office.  She told me that there have already been frantic meetings and negotiations going on and she wanted to know if I had a number in mind in terms of salary.  I told her that I really didn't because that wasn't the whole issue.  I also took the opportunity (although I still kind of wimped out) to say that we were heavily heavily leaning towards our decision to move to Florida.  She said that she was working on a new proposal and she really wanted to make sure it was something that would keep me there.  She also said that alternatively, if I wanted to move to Melbourne Florida, they could keep me with Hubbs but working in Florida instead.  And while that's certainly better, it's still not St. Pete and the position that I would have is not well defined and would leave us still in flux.  She said she'd likely have an offer for me the next day (she knew that Bill was leaving for Florida this upcoming week and I think felt that part of the plan would be for him to get things in place for our move).  That isn't true but I didn't clarify anything for her.  So I left it at that.  But by the end of the day I felt as though I was trying to walk out of a room but was prevented by several people grabbing at my ankles and I had to struggle to get the heck out. 

The next day, I was greeted with a $100 gift certificate in my mail box with a note.  It recommended that once I get the offer (which she expected to have later in the day) that I discuss it with Bill over the weekend over a nice dinner.  Since my office is near her office, I was also privy to knowing that she was in her office that morning discussing my issue with the president of the company.  That doesn't make for a pleasant working environment.  I just wanted to leave.  I was getting weary of the whole thing.  It was hard for me to concentrate.  Later that morning, she called me back into her office and gave me her new proposal.  Amazingly, it was remarkably more than the first offer (but still 55% less than what I can make in Florida).  It would've been an immediate salary change too.  She also requested that I not mention it to anyone even if I accepted it.  She didn't need to explain why because I already knew what she meant.  She was basically offering me a lot more than other people (who had been there longer) were making.  Well that ticked me off some more to be perfectly honest.  If they had this to offer, why didn't they offer it the first time?  And if they have the funds, why don't they pay their very qualified people (who have been there longer than me and are just as deserving) more?  I thanked her for the offer and told her I'd mull it over.  I didn't work there on Friday (I was at the location in Carlsbad) so thankfully I haven't had to deal with that since.  But come tomorrow (Monday) I plan on going back and stating thanks but no thanks.  Hopefully my week-long ordeal of trying to quit will finally take hold.  And I'm giving plenty of warning.  I am fine working there until the end of April.  Then I can work at a local clinic or do relief work for another month and a half so that we can easily make our move back to Florida in June.  Emily has school until the middle of June.

That brings me to another topic.  Emily.  When Bill and I were considering moving back, we wanted to make sure that she could get back in to her old school.  So on Monday, I called her school and explained the situation.  The lady that answered the phone wasn't knowledgeable about much and said she'd take a message and give me a call back.  About an hour later I received a call back from another lady.  She was so excited.  She said she was so happy Emily was coming back and that she had already talked to the middle school principal and her old Spanish teacher and they were happy to hear Emily was coming back.  This freaked me out because we still hadn't told Emily we were even considering this.  So I told her as much and asked for them to keep this on the down low.  I didn't want her friends getting word about this before Emily did.  She said she completely understood.  But they couldn't definitively tell me that they could accept Emily back because as a matter of procedure they needed a bunch of paperwork.  That evening, I filled out all the paperwork and faxed it over.  I spoke with them the following day and they said that they would take all the information over to the director of the middle school and they should have a preliminary answer for me in a day or so.  On Friday, I received word from her school.  They said they don't see any problems but still couldn't say 100% yes because they had to request some paperwork from her current school.  But they didn't want to do that until I said it was OK because that might cause teachers from her current school to mention it to Emily.  I told her to go ahead and request the information.  We'd tell Emily that evening.  That was on Friday. 

Friday ended up being a very long day for Emily.  She had rehearsal for her musical after school until 5:30.  Then she had a Girl Scout meeting from 6-8:30 pm.  While she was at her Girl Scout meeting, Bill and I were discussing how best to tell her.  During our discussion, Emily's phone started dinging, indicating she had a text message.  Although I normally don't look, I was curious to see if it was from her friends in Florida.  When I looked I saw that it was her best friend from Florida saying "he was at the soccer game and he said…"  I thought that was cute since apparently they were talking about boys.  But the next text from her made my jaw drop.  It said "that you were coming back to Florida (I hope it's true)".   I could not BELIEVE that news had traveled so fast.  And what's more, I was VERY glad Emily didn't have her phone on her!

After her Girl Scout meeting, Bill and I took Emily out to eat.  It was there that we revealed our plans.  As Bill was explaining to Emily that we were moving back, I started tearing up.  I wasn't sure why, but I did.  Emily said she was surprised that she wasn't doing the same thing.  I quickly resumed my composure and we laid out our plans in more detail.  Including that she would be at Shorecrest (her school) until she graduated etc.  At that point, the realization of the whole thing set in for Emily and she also teared up, which made me tear up again which even started affecting Bill.  So we looked like a completely insane family for a few minutes.  Needless to say, Emily was ecstatic and in disbelief. 

She spoke with her best friend the following day.  Her best friend said it was the best day in her entire life.  Emily can't wait to be back and for once, is happy about having to start packing yet again. 

In other news, Valentino still has not returned.  In fact just this morning for the first time ever, I personally saw 2 coyotes walking behind our house on a ridge.  So coyotes are definitely a possibility.  Emily certainly misses him but just cannot believe that coyotes got him.  She's sure that he's alive somewhere and that it's just a matter of time until he returns.  For everyone's sake, I hope that's true. 

On Saturday, we had yet another Science Olympiad meeting.  Bad fortune hit Bill though.  During the trip there, a box fell on one of the planes that were in the process of being built.  The plan broke in a few places.  Bill is feeling quite under the gun since he's going to be gone for the next 2 weeks and there are only 4 weeks left until the competition.  The planes aren't complete and they still need practice time.  The robot is complete but the kids need practice time.  I'll try to help out as much as I can during his absence.  I'm having issues of my own with one of the students on the pentathlon team.  His attitude is pretty crappy and I have very little patience for that.  He's also on the plane building team with Bill and pretty much spent Saturday morning doing nothing but goofing off with his friends.  So I'm trying to figure out what to do with him. 

Speaking of Science Olympiad, I've already decided that I will be approaching her school in Florida about starting up an Olympiad team there.  I'm not sure why they don't have one.  Other schools in Florida do it.  I am talking with the teacher in charge here and will be coming up with a proposal for her school in Florida.  We'll see what they say.  Bill says I just seem to look for mountains to climb.  I say, you'll never get to the top if you're not climbing.  I've enjoyed the Olympiad, the kids are learning a lot and I think her school could make a great showing.  So we'll see what happens. 

In other news, we received our check from our insurance company and Bill is now the owner of an Isuzu Rodeo.  It's about the same size as the X-terra but it's a manual (which we both prefer) so we're happy.  Emily likes it a lot.  So far, Emily says this has been the best week of 2009 by far.  I would agree.  :) 

This week was the BCS championship game and I'm happy to report we rooted on our Florida Gators to victory!! Woohoo! National Champions yet again!  What made the victory twice as nice is that it was against the University of Oklahoma (the rival to my alma mater Oklahoma State).  That was a great game to watch. 

So what now?  Well I have a lot of planning to do, as you can imagine.  I have let our tenants in St. Petersburg know that we need the house back in July.  I will give them the option of buying the house but if they can't or don't want to, then our best option would be to move back.  We didn't really like the house so we're not pleased about it.  But it will be the easiest option from a logistics point of view.  It still needs a few more updates.  So what we'll probably do is live minimalistically.  Put it up for sale as soon as we move back and continually make updates until it sells.  Then we'll move where we WANT to move.  So yes, our desire to be stable isn't quite here yet but we have a set plan in place to make it so.  Once we're physically in St. Petersburg, it'll be a lot easier to find a place to live.  We'll have to make sure we can extend our lease here by one month.  If we can't, we'll be in a bind, but I'm sure we'll find a way to work it out.  

So at the end of June we'll be moving.  If anyone would like free room and board in sunny San Diego and wouldn't mind helping loading up lots of furniture, I can hook you up!  If you were privy to my moving status emails last summer you KNOW we need all the help we can get!  I guess in the grand scheme of things, we'll look back on this as a much extended California get-away.  I for one can't wait to be back to sunny, humid, swampy Florida. 

Ok well despite the fact that I didn't think this email would end up too long, it has.  Clearly, I need to sum things up.  I guess my email should've read:

 

Moving to Florida.  Emily happy.  Valentino still missing.  Car bought.  Science Olympiad continues.

 

Maybe my next email will be more succinct.  Have a great week and I'll be in touch!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope everyone had a great New Year!
 
Well I was certainly expecting some feedback from my email last week but not to the extent that I did!  I appreciate everyone's emails, comments, calls, etc.  I know our respective parents were a little miffed at us for not telling them about the car accident prior to my email.  As we explained to them, we didn't call for several reasons.  First, we were in a grouchy mood and not ready to be talking (as you could tell from my last email).  But secondly, we didn't really consider it an "accident" so much as an "incident".  Nobody was remotely injured.  And lastly, we were in a state of mental flux.  We were changing our strategy.  I also realized that I must have given the impression that we were financially destitute and on the brink of starvation.  Well I am happy to inform you that that is not the case.  My frustration was not so much about money as it was the way we could be living our lives.
 
So I have an update for you on my job front.  As I mentioned last week, I had my "talk" with my supervisor.  She was very understanding of the situation.  I basically told her that I needed to know what Hubbs would be offering me.  She immediately starting giving me all the options that she could think of.  She also told me she'd talk with others and see what they could tell me.  She understands the time limitations.  But as I continue to think about it, I don't know that she can make me any offer I would be happy with.  As I've explained to the parents (who were both worried), it's not about the money.  Sure that's a factor in so much that we know what our potential is and we know we can be doing really well.  But the other factor is time and the fact that both Bill and I are admittedly spoiled rotten.  Bill owns his own consulting business and can work when he wants.  When I was doing relief work, it was the same way.  That type of freedom is nice.  And as interesting as my job is, I don't want to end up with a job that dictates the amount of vacation time I get and requires lots of grant writing.  THAT part doesn't appeal to me.  Government grants disturb my libertarian sensibilities.  And yes, I realize I'm being picky.  But I've also realized that there isn't a problem with me being picky.  So we've made some decisions. 
 
I'm not prepared to tell you what those decision are yet.  There are some finer details that we have left to resolve.  Once those are clarified everything should be clearer.  Despite the tone of my last email (where I was ticked!), I want to ensure everyone that Bill and I are actually quite happy about everything.  We wish we hadn't totaled the car but the check is in the mail.  Geico really IS so easy to use that a caveman can do it.  Bill is proof.  We also wish we had come to some of these realizations earlier, but I would have always been left wondering if this was the job for me or not.    In a way, I can say "mission accomplished".  I got the job that most people dream of and I can walk away happy about it if that's how things end up.  Stay tuned for more details.
 
As for our cat, I have no good news to report.  We found his collar in our front yard.  It is a breakaway collar (designed to come off in cases where the animal gets stuck).  But it wasn't really stuck on anything obvious.  We're regularly checking the shelter websites and we've visited a few times.  We have signs all over the neighborhood.  We've received a few calls from the signs.  On New Years Eve a neighbor called and said that there was a tabby cat in their yard that was hissing at their cats.  Bill went over there (it was around 11pm).  He couldn't really get a good look at the cat because it was dark and the cat was freaking out but it certainly looked like Valentino.  The cat ended up running into a greenbelt that was inaccessible.  When Bill got back home, he told us that he thought it certainly could be him.  The cat sounded like him and was a tabby.  Valentino is a very sweet cat but in unfamiliar surroundings he DOES completely freak out.   As a precaution, Emily and I both got our coats on and went back with Bill to that area and wandered up and down calling his name.  It was to no avail.  When we got back home, we had one minute before the ball dropped and it was the New Year.  This wasn't good since I had meant to get to sleep early because we had to get up REALLY early for the Rose Parade.
 
As I mentioned, on New Years Day, we went to the Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena.  We had to be in the parking lot by 7.  As a precaution, and since we didn't know what kind of traffic to expect, we planned to be there by 6 am.  So that meant we had to leave the house by 4 am.  So we had to get up at 315 am.  That stunk.  But we got out in time and the drive up went very smoothly.  We arrived just a little after 6 am.  The traffic was not a problem at all. 
Weather-wise, it was a very chilly morning.  We all had our coats, hats, gloves etc.  I packed up a thermos full of hot chocolate.  The stands were very close to the parking garage and we found our seats with no problem.  We had assigned seating in the grandstands so that we wouldn't have to fight to find a spot on the side of the road.  It was amazing to see how many people had camped out on the side of the road the night before.  There were all sorts of people in sleeping bags, tents, etc and they had bonfires going when we arrived.  All the people in stands were all abuzz.  Most people had never been to the parade before and were really excited about it.  The people sitting next to us had spent the last several days actually watching them build the floats and said it was amazing. They were from Colorado.
 
Although we got to the stands about 6:30 am, the parade didn't start till 8 and it actually didn't even reach us until 9 am so there was a lot of waiting around.  I had several cups of hot chocolate to keep me warm.  I was surprised to see the types of food that people were eating while waiting.  One lady scarfed down a hot dog with onions and peppers on it.  Others were eating cotton candy.  And this is at 8 am!!!  That's just not my idea of morning food. 
 
Finally after a long wait, we got to enjoy a WICKED COOL flyby by a B2 Bomber.  That is the stealth bomber.  As veterans of many many NASCAR races, we've had flybys by a number of aircraft.  And we've been to several air shows and seen lots of cool aircraft up close and personal.  We even got a flyby by Air force One when we were at Daytona and Bush 43 gave the call to start engines.  THAT was cool too.  But of all the flybys we've seen, I think this was the coolest.  It is a wicked looking plane to begin with.  But what was SO impressive was how QUIET it was.  Compared to most planes, it was like a whisper flying by.  VERY cool.
 
If you saw the parade on TV then you know that the floats were amazing.  They were also very impressive to see in person.  The size and the vivid colors were amazing.  But what was kind of weird, and Bill thought the same thing, was that in a lot of ways, this parade didn't SEEM any different than any other parade I've seen in any other town.  There were people on horseback (like other parades), marching bands (like other parades) etc.  So it had the FEEL of a regular parade but with absolutely spectacular floats.  We weren't anywhere near the television cameras so I guess that's what made it seem like just a typical small town and a typical small town road.  But don't get me wrong, I was in NO way disappointed.  I was very glad we went and I had a great time.  What was really quite amazing was that there was a band there from Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.  That's where I used to live in Oklahoma.  Broken Arrow High School band was the arch rival of my high school band (we beat them in state that year!).  But even though they were my arch rivals, I cheered for them.  And then there was a great float from New Mexico (where I grew up).  Even Emily thought it was very interesting.  If you didn't know, USC (University of Southern California) was playing Penn State in the Rose Bowl.  Emily rooted for Penn State because it WASN'T California and because her best friend from Florida has family in Pennsylvania.  If you want to see pictures of our day at the parade, you can go here http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100096
 
 
It was while leaving the parade that the pain began.  Traffic was fine coming in, but EVERYBODY was leaving at the same time and it was an absolute disaster.  It took us an hour to get out of the parking garage and another hour to get to the highway (about ½ a mile away).  So that part really stunk.  Needless to say, a lot of the day was spent catching up on lost sleep.  We went walking in the area where the cat spotting had taken place.  There is an empty house in that area.  I looked around and found a tabby cat on the premises.  It certainly could have been mistaken for our cat in the dark but was most definitely NOT our cat.  So I think the whole thing was a misidentification.  We got another call recently with another spotting but it was from the same area.  Most of the neighbors we talk to feel that most likely the coyotes got him.  I don't hold out much hope any longer.  I think we've lost our cat.  :-(
 
The remainder of our week was fairly low key.  Emily feels much better after a week on antibiotics.  For a while there she was hardly getting any sleep because she was coughing so much.  Bill is finalizing all the stuff for the conference.  He will be leaving us next Tuesday and will be gone nearly 2 weeks.  That is always tough.  It's even tougher on him since for those 2 weeks, he rarely gets any sleep.  Nina, my 13 year old pit bull has been developing a mass on her leg.  I noticed it several months ago and, given her propensity for growing fatty tumors, I wasn't too concerned.  It wasn't hurting her and it didn't seem worrisome.  However, today, she's limping significantly on that leg and the mass is very painful.  This has me very concerned.  I will be aspirating the mass tomorrow and getting her some stronger pain meds.  I already told Bill that if this state takes 2 of my animals away, I will hate it forever.
 
One thing that Emily and I have been doing this week is Animal Crossing.  Emily got the game from her grandparents for Christmas.  We've been doing the online play and it's really pretty cute.  If anyone wants to play with Emily, shoot me an email with your information.  We're always happy to have visitors to our town.
 
Well that about wraps it up for me.  Emily goes back to school tomorrow.  Everything will be sort of back to normal for at least a week.  Thanks to everyone for all the emails and calls.  As always, I appreciate them.  It's always great to hear from you. 
 
Have a great week everyone.  You know you'll be hearing from me again soon!
Greetings to you all once again! I hope you all had a great Christmas/Hanukkah/<Insert holiday here>.  If you celebrated nothing, then I hope you had a great week nonetheless.  

I wish I could say this was a great week for the Keller clan, but that would be insincere.  I try to paint you a realistic picture of what's going on in our neck of the woods, so I can't say that this was a good week for us.  In fact, Bill and I have had many heart to heart discussions about life, the universe, and everything, and have come up with some difficult decisions.  They are not complete yet, but I will let you know where we are thus far. And any of you that are thinking of the number 42...well KUDOS!

As I'm sure it was for most of you, last week was a short work week for me.  On Tuesday, I had to go to the Carlsbad location first, and then drive down to San Diego in the afternoon.  Bill had to meet with the dive boat people that he's working with to go over some things that morning.  So I went off to Carlsbad and he drove down to Mission Bay.  He opted to leave Emily at home since he just had a quick business meeting with them.  I'm glad he did.  On his way back, he was crossing an intersection and looked off to the side for just a moment.  When he looked back he ended up plowing directly into the car in front of him.  Fortunately, nobody was injured and he wasn't traveling that fast.  Unfortunately, the momentum was enough to set off both airbags in Bill's car.  The front bumper of his car was majorly bashed in but it still worked fine mechanically.  Bill says that the guy in the other car was a nice guy and they simply exchanged insurance information.  The other guy's car was barely damaged.  

As for me, I was just getting underway driving from Carlsbad to Mission Bay when I got a text from Bill saying "Wrecked car.  Please call."  Needless to say, that freaked me out.  I pulled over immediately and called Bill and he retold me the whole story.  We were a little worried initially because his insurance card (and mine when I checked it) both said that our insurance was only valid till 12-6-08.  I didn't remember receiving new cards.  Luckily, our insurance WAS current.  They email the cards and I guess I didn't see the email.  Bill managed to limp the car back home although he had to kind of pull the bumper away from one of the tires because he had a tire rub (you NASCAR fans know what I'm talking about). 

I did the few errands that I needed to do at Mission Bay and then just went home.  I wasn't in a working frame of mind and the place was mostly empty anyway since it was the day before Christmas Eve.  Bill spent most of the rest of the day talking with the insurance companies and towing companies.  The biggest problem was that the airbags had deployed.  I guess that's a really costly repair and they were thinking that the car would be a total loss.  Bill emptied his car in anticipation of that.  It was clear that we really need to clean out our cars more often.  There were little information booklets from NASCAR races we had been to several years ago.  Naturally, they were all on the PASSENGER side door.  Oops. 

So on Christmas Eve, we got our "good" car towed away.  I say "good" because Bill's X-terra was 5 years younger than mine and had a lot less mileage.  Mine, as I've mentioned is nearing 250,000 miles.  I love my car but she is old, small, and getting up there in years.  Needless to say, that filled our day with a lot of worry and angst.  Luckily we have good insurance, but totaling your car is never a good thing.

Christmas Eve was pretty low key.  Emily actually spent most of Christmas Eve day talking with a friend of hers from Florida.  They played some stuff online and then even did an internet radio show.  If you're interested in listening to it, you can go here.   http://www.blogtalkradio.com/miss-media/2008/12/24/interview-one   Emily is referred to as EEK because those are her initials.  Please keep in mind, however, that these are two 12 year old girls.  In the evening, we watched a bunch of Pixar movies.  Cars, the Incredibles and Wall-E.  We had never seen Wall-E before and we all really liked it.  I'm glad to see that Pixar still has it.  I couldn't stand Ratatouille.  Cars, although cute, wasn't really all that great in my opinion.  If you haven't yet seen Wall-E, I would recommend it.

Christmas Day was also pretty low key.  Like most people on the planet, we opened presents in the morning and then spent the afternoon messing with presents.  Emily got a new game for the Wii and split her time between playing that and talking with her friend from Florida.  That evening, we had been invited to one of my coworker's home for dinner.  Obviously, we had to go in my car.  My heart skipped a beat (or three) when I turned the ignition to my car and the car didn't start.  It just made a clicking noise and the lights flashed on and off.  I tried again and it did the same thing.  On the third try, it fired up.  It seems like it was a battery issue because my clock was reset and all my radio stations were erased.  But I don't know what the deal is.  I have a battery charger that I am now carrying around in the car with me.  I don't want to be stuck somewhere.  So we made it to the dinner with no problem.  We had a good time there.  They cooked up some great food outside and were great hosts.  We even played a board game called Sequence.  It was really pretty fun. 

On Friday, I had to go back in to work.  Bill got word that his car had indeed been totaled.  The cost to fix all the damage was less than the value of the car, but if it is 75% of the value, then it is considered totaled.  That left us with two options.  The first is that we could accept that, and receive a payoff for the assessed value of the car.  The other is that we could get our car back but there is a $1500 salvage fee and then the title of the car would be labeled as salvage.  That didn't seem like a good option even though we really didn't want to give up our car.  So we will end up having to get a "new" used car for Bill.  Because of the timing of this and all the holidays, we likely won't get a check till late next week or the week after.  Fortunately, we have rental car coverage and Bill will still have some means of transportation in the interim.  But the whole thing still sucks. 

On Friday, something else disturbing also happened.  Emily's cat, Valentino, disappeared.  I don't remember seeing him in the morning before I left for work but I honestly wasn't thinking about it.  But he didn't show up all day which is unusual.  We had initially prevented him from going outside when we first moved here, but he was causing too many litter box issues, so we finally relented and let him become an outside cat.  There were frost advisories on Friday and Saturday night and as I write this, he still has not shown up.  We checked the local animal shelter but he was not there.  He had a collar AND is micro chipped so if someone finds him, we should find out about it.  He did this once before when we were in St. Petersburg.  I think he was gone about 3 days and then just showed up one day.  I'm hoping this will be the same thing.  As Emily says, it is concerning because we live very close to a major highway. 

Over the last week, Emily had been getting a worse and worse cough.  Well on Saturday she woke up and said that she hadn't slept at all and that her right ear hurt.  Fortunately, her doctor's office was open and was able to see her right away.  Not surprisingly based on her complaints, she has a middle and external ear infection as well as an upper respiratory infection.  So she's got several types of ear drops as well as oral antibiotics that she's taking.  Last night she still didn't get a lot of sleep.  Poor thing.  I had hoped to maybe drive up to the mountains this weekend to let her see the snow.  But with not having a good car AND having a sick child, it just didn't work out. 

So to sum up, this was our week in a nutshell.  Wrecked car, sick child, mystery issue with our remaining car, lost family pet.  So what have Bill and I been discussing?  Well it's kind of a long story but as you know, I'm not shy about writing long stories.  It basically comes down to quality of life issues.  Here's the deal. 

 

As you all know, we moved here because of my job.  I like my job immensely and it has been fun, rewarding, and interesting.  It has loads of potential.  As you also know, I have a one year contract only.  The thing is, when you're dealing with non-profit organizations, the world revolves around grants.  The primary investigators at the institute basically spend half their time writing grant proposals and finding funding opportunities for the research that they are interested in.  Some companies fund us well.  For example, SeaWorld gives us a lot of funding.  Another major company that has funded Hubbs has been Chevron.  That may be surprising to many (especially those of you that buy into the "Evil Oil Companies" mantra.  But the reason for their interest is that they have been looking for ways of using their old oil rigs.  Aquaculture on the rigs has been a viable alternative that they are looking into.  But I digress.  The point is that their world revolves around funding.  When it comes to companies and individuals, I don't have an issue with that.  When it comes to getting government grants, that kind of upsets my libertarian sensibilities.  I think my research is important.  I DON'T think you should be forcibly taxed to support MY research.  And that is what happens with government grants.  So that is issue number one.  Issue number two is even more important, and that has to do with money. 

Before we moved, I was doing relief veterinary work.  That meant that if there was a clinic that needed a vet for a day or more, I would fill in.  That meant, I worked WHEN I wanted, and only IF I wanted.  I had no set schedule and no boss.  I could take days off to do stuff with Emily or help at her school.  It was also very lucrative.  It was also not very rewarding on a professional level.  Don't get me wrong, I like dogs and cats.  But giving vaccines, checking ears etc got very boring.  There were the occasional interesting and rewarding cases, but it certainly was an exception rather than the rule.  So that's why I was anxious to continue with my aquatic stuff.  When this position opened up, it was a significant decrease in pay.  Any aquatics job will be; that's just the nature of the business.  Bill and I were faced with a very difficult situation.  Deal with the SIGNIFICANT decrease in pay AND a significant INCREASE in cost of living or reject the offer.  As I saw it (and I still see it that way) I was at a cross-road in my career.  I had been out of aquatics for long enough that I didn't feel like another aquatics job would come my way and this was my shot to get back in.  On the other hand, I was making good money, we were very settled in Florida and had to uproot a lot of things in order to make the move.  I can't tell you the number of times Bill and I decided NOT to make the move.  As you can guess however, we decided TO make the move in the end.  And here we are.    

So why am I telling you all of this?  Well as you know, we had to struggle with double mortgage payments even after we moved since our house had not rented.  Finances were tight and they still are.  And quite frankly, it's starting to tick me off.  As I see it, I have a doctorate, a masters, an internship, and 2 post-doctoral positions behind me.  I shouldn't be struggling to find a used car.  Especially knowing my earning potential (and having left it behind).  Having a job you love is important to me and it still is.  But enjoying life is also important to me and I'm finding that by having a job I like it is significantly impacting not only MY quality of life, but the quality of life of Bill and Emily.  I've simply come to the conclusion that, DAMN IT, I deserve more.  WE deserve more.  Bill and I have been through a lot and its time to enjoy the fruits of our labor.  

So what does that mean?  Well, I'm not sure yet.  I will be having a heart to heart with my supervisor after the first of the year.  I will basically lay it out on the line for her as I've done with you all.  We made this move with the best intentions, but we knew it would be tight.  Unfortunately, things have gone south (with the car issue) and we are being stretched even tighter and quite frankly, we're not gonna take it anymore.  I will be insisting that if any offers will be made to me job-wise, that they be made now.  I will not be waiting until March or April to see if they might be able to keep me around.  And the offer will need to be significant or I will not be staying around.  I've had it. 

So you may ask, what will I do if I don't stay?  Well, I think the option that I want is to go back to relief work.  It has everything I want.  No boss, no schedule, good money.  I can still do fish although it would be more in the pet trade (koi, marine fish etc).  Heck, when I was in Florida, I was even working at the Florida Aquarium one day a week.  And then the big question becomes, did we move all this way so that I could just do the same thing I was doing in Florida?  That is the big question.  One that Bill and I have not yet decided.  More to come in the weeks ahead I'm sure.  The one thing that I DO know is that things will be changing. 

So my apologies to all of you for such a long email.  I hope I haven't been too much of a downer.  I try to keep my emails light-hearted but this has been a difficult week.  But we will persevere.  In good news, Sarah (the friend I mentioned in my last email) has given me an update on her mom's condition.  Her mom was able to be home for Christmas and appears to be healing well.  Her condition is improving day by day.  So thanks to all of you that had my friend and her family in your thoughts.  I hope to continue to give you good updates in the weeks to come.  

The year has nearly come to an end.  I hope all of you have a great New Year.  As I've mentioned, we will be at the Rose Parade on New Years Day, so look for us in the stands!  Talk to you next year!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope everyone has managed to keep warm.  Everyone except my Brazilian family.  I hope you guys are finding a way to keep cool!

 

Well this was the last week of school for Emily.  Unfortunately, it was also the first week that she ever had to stay after school for detention.  This is how I found out about it.  On Tuesday, there was a Christmas party at the Carlsbad hatchery.  I split my time between the two locations, so I got invited to both their parties.  The Tuesday party started at 2:30 in the afternoon.  So basically everyone got done with their stuff and then had the rest of the day to unwind.  Families were invited but Bill had already scheduled to use the Tuesday after school to work with his Science Olympiad teams.  I called him up to let him know that there was a plethora of food and that if they were done early, to stop on by.  That's when he informed me that shortly after he arrived and started working with Emily, she was reminded that she had to go to detention.  Turns out she had failed to dress out once at PE and then another time failed to put her hair up.  I guess they have a "two strikes and detention" policy.  So Emily wasn't able to work on her Science Olympiad stuff at all.  Another student was sick and another had already said he couldn't make it.  The last student had forgotten about it until about 30 minutes after school had ended.  So poor Bill was there student-less for a while and then had to deal with the fact that Emily had to serve her detention sentence.  Needless to say, we weren't too thrilled about that so she was NOT brought to the party afterwards.  



The party itself was really good.  They grilled up all sorts of meat including even frog legs!  I've never had frog legs before but I took advantage of the availability of it.  They said that it would taste like chicken.  It didn't.  To me, it tasted like the swamp.  And being from Florida and having been in multiple bodies of natural waters, I am CERTAIN that I know what the swamp tastes like.  So no, I wasn't impressed with frog legs.  But the rest of the food was great.  I was stuffed.  We ended the party with a ridiculous white elephant gift exchange.  For those unfamiliar with this, everyone gets an inexpensive new or gently used gift (~$10).  Everybody wraps it and places it on a table.  Then everyone who brought a gift draws a number.  The first person picks a gift and unwraps it.  The gift is displayed to everyone.  Then the next person has a choice.  They can either steal the gift from the first person (who then chooses again) or they unwrap another gift.  You can only steal a gift a certain amount of times so there is strategy involved.  There were some good gifts in play.  A Dark Knight DVD, a set of glasses, a dive knife, 6 packs of beer etc.  But this group really went crazy with their rules.  We went through all the gifts once.  Then we went through it again where you could either keep what you had or steal someone else's gift.  Then to top it off, they went around ONE more time but in reverse order.  It was hilarious to watch the give and take going on.



On Wednesday, I was fortunate enough to have to go through yet ANOTHER Christmas party, but this time at my home base in Mission Bay.  This party was from 11-2 which sucks because we had fun but then had to go BACK to work.  Very difficult.  They also had a white elephant gift exchange but it was only one time through which made it a lot less crazy.  Again, there was TONS of food.  Sure made it annoying to have to go back to work though.

 

This week, San Diego was also hit with some pretty nasty weather.  It got rather cold and it was really rainy for several days.  The drivers in this city are ridiculous.  If Floridians drove like San Diegans any time it rained, Floridians would never get anywhere.  The highways just got SO clogged.  But in San Diegans defense, it was a pretty bad rain.  In fact, south of us, there was an area that got very flooded to the point that horses had to be rescued and several of them actually drowned.  It was rather sad.  To the East of us, the mountains received a LOT of snow.  You may have even heard that Las Vegas got snow!  For several days, no one was allowed up into the mountains unless they had chains on their tires.  



On Friday while picking Emily up from school, my jaw dropped.  After all the bad weather, it was the first clear day since the storms.  There in front of me were the mountains topped with white snow.  I remarked to Emily "You don't see that every day!" at which point we both realized the inanity of that statement since we WOULD in fact be seeing that every day.  We are just SO not used to seeing mountains much less mountains with snow on them.  I thought about going to the mountains but we just can't right now.  For one, we don't have chains.  I think they recently cleared the requirement for chains now that the roads are clearer.  But secondly, none of us own winter coats, boots etc.  That's just not something we'd ever needed.  So we'd need to gear up before taking a trip out there.  



After picking Emily up from school on Friday, it was pretty much an immediate drive over to an ice skating rink.  She was been invited to a birthday party where they played broomball.  Broomball is where you go out on the ice rink with your shoes on and essentially play ice hockey with a ball type thing and a stick.  It looked like fun and Emily said she really enjoyed it.  She fell once and has a bruise on her knee to show for it.  But overall she had a really good time.  She can't wait to play again.  



As for Emily, she still dislikes California greatly (she uses the word hate but I will refrain).  She misses Florida and misses her best friend.  She still texts her friend all the time which is good.  I'm glad they've managed to keep in touch.  The San Diego Chargers were playing the Tampa Bay Buccaneers today in Tampa (which made her pine for Florida again).  We discussed that.  I tried to let her know that it was fine to miss Florida and I have no problem if she's already decided that she will definitely return.  But I encouraged her to try and take advantage of the opportunites that are here that are NOT in Florida.  That way when and if she returns, she has no regrets (like gosh I wish I had gone surfing or I wish I had seen the Redwoods etc).  I can honestly say that there really aren't any Florida things that I wish I had done but never did.  We pretty much saw most of Florida and did most of everything.



On Saturday, Emily went caroling with her Girl Scout troop.  On my way to pick her up, I saw a dog running across a major road.  Cars had to stop in order not to hit him.  This was a major road and he trotted over into the grass median.  Being who I am, I groaned and rolled my eyes.  There was NO way I couldn't stop.  I pulled into a left had turn lane and then put my blinkers on.  There really wasn't a better place to stop.  I was worried that the dog would run once he saw me and then cause me to have a front row seat to witness vehicular canicide.  Luckily, once he saw me he trotted right over and asked me to rub his belly.  I obliged and then grabbed him and plopped him into my car.  He was a white fluffy dog, kind of looked a little like a Shitzu.  He was good natured and young but unfortunately had no collar.  So I picked up Emily and then just took him to the SPCA.  I hope his owners find him but if not, I have no doubt someone will adopt him.  He even tilted his head when you talked to him.  So cute!

For those of you who haven't realized it, today, December 21 is the winter solstice.  So it is the longest night of the year.  So from here on out, our days will be getting longer and longer.  I for one am excited about that.  We're not used to being so far North and having it get dark as early as it does.  And yes, I realize that most of you don't think of Southern California as being either 1) too far North or 2) cold like I was complaining about.  For those of you NOT in Florida or here, I realize your weather likely sucks and you are more norther than me.  Nevertheless, it has been a change for all of us and we readily admit we are not cold weather folks.  And we are a lot further north than we have been in a long time.  Just check a map (with latitude lines) and see for yourself.  I guess I can't complain TOO much about our cold snaps when on other days, like this Saturday while getting my hair cut, the salon just had their door open because it was such a nice day.  And there was ONE day in Florida that I saw it snow.  Bill didn't believe me and it only lasted for about 20 seconds and in one spot but it was definitely some microscopic flakes.  So it did occasionally get cold in Florida too.



In other more serious news, I would like everyone to know about a friend of mine from Florida.  This last week, she had to fly back to her home in Indiana because her mother had to go in for emergency brain surgery.   It turns out her mother has a malignant brain tumor.  The doctor was able to remove some of the tumor but due to concerns with causing brain damage, was not able to remove the whole thing.  Chemotherapy disks were placed directly on the tumor so that will certainly help.  Her mother recovered well and appears to be in good spirits.  But it's certainly tough to receive news like that and they are in for a battle.  I just wanted to ask everyone to keep my friend Sarah and her mother in their thoughts this week, even though none of you have ever met her.  I know that we will here at the Keller household.



As for this week, I'm sure I don't need to tell you that it is only 4 days left until Christmas.  We are having a very low key Christmas this year.  But we will still be enjoying our time off.  Except maybe for Bill.  Since he's gearing up for the conference this is always his busiest time of the year.  In addition, he's been working on a new project in conjunction with the dive boat that he's working with.  That's why we rarely go anywhere over the holidays and/or rarely have anyone come here.  We'd never be able to spend a lot of time with anyone.  But I hope that all of you have a great week.  Enjoy your holidays and your time with family and try to keep warm.  You'll be hearing from me soon enough!

 
Hello again everyone! I hope everyone had a great week and managed to stay away from crazy shoppers.

 

I had a fairly interesting week at work.  My supervisor was very excited to talk to me this week.  It appears that Hubbs is in line to get several new grants.  She said once she heard, she asked the president of the company if she could tell me so that I wouldn't accept a job in Orlando.  I thought that was very nice of her.  But still, nothing is in writing so I'm still keeping my options open.  I do appreciate the effort that she's been putting in to make sure I know that she wants me to stay with Hubbs.  We'll see what the future holds.  I haven't heard anything from SeaWorld and I don't expect to for quite some time.

 

In other work related news, we had to harvest a whole tank of Yellowtail this week.  Because we're a non-profit, we can't sell our fish.  Often times, we give the fish to this guy from the LA area.  He test markets our fish to see the feasibility of marketing these fish for profit.  The results have been very promising.  But in this case, we didn't have that guy coming.  So once I euthanized the whole tank, we had upwards of 600 fish that we either had to throw away or eat.  I went around the office seeing if anyone wanted some fish.  There were a lot of takers, including me.  I ended up bringing home 20 yellowtail.  Keep in mind that these are whole fish (cause we certainly don't have fillets swimming around).  So once I brought them home, Bill and I had to clean and cut up all 20 of them.  Neither one of us knew how to do that very well, but after 20, we are certainly better than we started.  We froze most of the fillets but had a few that day.  If you haven't had Yellowtail before, I highly recommend it.  It's yummy!  My guess is that we will not have to buy fish for quite some time. 

 

Emily had a few more rehearsals for her musical this week.  They seem to be going well.  There aren't any more rehearsals scheduled until after the New Year.  She really seems to be enjoying it, which is great.  Also this week, her school took a field trip to a science museum.  When Bill picked her up, she mentioned that she had had an awesome day.  All this enjoyment of rehearsals and happiness with field trips is really getting confusing.  Bill and I are wondering where our Emily went?  Luckily for us, she still complains that she dislikes California.  Apparently there are too many days with a cloudless blue sky and the mountains get in the way of the view.  I'm sure most of you can understand those complaints.

 

On Saturday morning, we had yet another Science Olympiad meeting.  Many of the students that Bill has on his teams are also on my teams.  I had brought some "Brain Quest" cards to the meeting so that the students on the Pentathlon team could quiz each other.  Brain Quest cards are cards with trivia questions on them in a variety of topics.  What is impressive about the students is that I left the cards in the room where Bill was building his planes and robots.  Without my prompting (I was getting myself some food) the kids started quizzing each other.  Unfortunately for Bill, it was in the same room as all the construction work going on.  So the students (Emily included), answered questions while simultaneously working on their projects.  For those of you who aren't aware, apparently in the mind of a middle schooler, the louder you yell out your answer, the more correct it is.  Needless to say it was pretty loud in the room.  I didn't stop them because it was a good use of their time to work on two events at once.  But I know it was getting a little annoying for poor Bill.  This meeting was the last meeting of the year.  Emily only has one week left of school before Christmas break.  Much to my annoyance, the teacher in charge of the whole Science Olympiad continues to move kids around from event to event.  At some point, we need to know who are team is and leave it at that.  At this point, it is questionable whether my pentathlon team (who are several weeks into their readings) will remain as they are or whether we'll have to have a new team member.  Ugh!

 

On Saturday evening, we went as a family to the Hubbs offices in San Diego.  Every year, there is a holiday boat parade that takes place in Mission Bay.  The parade route takes the boats directly in front of Hubbs.  Hubbs takes this opportunity to put on a holiday party for their donors.  The party is for the donors, not the employees, but the employees are asked for their help in putting on the party.  In return, we get to enjoy the event with our families.  So we showed up around 5 pm even though the party didn't start until 7.  I helped set up the dessert area while Bill and Emily helped string up lights and set up candles on the tables outside.  Much to everyone's surprise (I guess things usually don't go so well), we were done WAY before the start of the party.  So we kind of just hung out for a bit while waiting for the party to begin.  At around 7, people started showing up.  There was a pretty good turn out considering that the weather wasn't that great.  It was fairly cold and very overcast.  In fact, it had rained earlier in the day.  The boats, as promised, came right by Hubbs.  They were very pretty.  The boat owners decorate their boats in all these Christmas lights and many of them had inflatable dancing figures on them.  Actually I don't think they were dancing, but it was windy so the end result was that they were dancing.  Our good friends across the street, SeaWorld, were nice enough to send some employees with an Arctic fox over to meet everyone.  Emily had the opportunity to pet the fox.  She says he was very very soft.  He was very cute but seemed a little freaked out with so much attention.  The parade ended with a short fireworks show put on by SeaWorld.  Once again, the viewing from Hubbs was perfect.  Fireworks over the bay.  Emily (again this was really weird), had a great time.  She met some kids there and spent most of the time chatting and joking with them.  It was a cold evening but a good time was had by all.

 

On Sunday, Bill and Emily spent a lot of time working on their robot.  They now have it in functional order.  They were moving it around the house and practicing picking up things with the arm.  I think they have some modifications that they need to make, but overall, things are going well.  In the afternoon, we went out and got our Christmas tree.  We didn't want a very big one but it's a decent looking tree.  Emily and I decorated it like we normally do and so now we're set for the holidays. 

 

Now is the season that all the TV shows take their holiday breaks as well.  We were very saddened to learn that one of our favorite shows, Pushing Daisies, was cancelled.  All three of us really enjoyed that show and it was even nominated for an Emmy last year.  DAMN YOU WRITER'S STRIKE!  I'm stuck watching Heroes which is majorly sucking this year but I can't watch a fresh refreshing show like Pushing Daisies.  I'm also still watching Grey's Anatomy which MAJORLY jumped the shark this season.  Interns operating on themselves?  Sleeping with a ghost?  Umm…just stick to McDreamy and McSteamy.  Sheesh.  I know I should stop watching it, but I can't.  Speaking of TV, I watched an interesting show this week about stress and hierarchy.  It seems that research has shown that the higher up in rank you are, the less stress you are under and therefore, the healthier you are.  That's why you are often sicker MORE often than your boss, who is sicker MORE often than his/her boss and so on.  I think that probably only goes so far.  The president is arguably in charge of most but I think he's under a great amount of stress.  But it was an interesting finding.  Arteries of both humans and baboons show a greater degree of clogging in those who are under more stress.  So the point of this is that all of you need to relax.  Take time to de-stressify once and a while.  You'll live longer.  The baboons have spoken.  Figuratively that is.  If baboons actually were speaking that'd probably stress me out.

 

Well that about wraps it up for me.  I hope you are all staying warm.  Even here in San Diego we had a cold spell come through.  In fact, it's been interesting hearing about the "storms" that are expected.  Our first major "storm" arrived a few weeks ago.  Bill and I come from Idaho and Oklahoma respectively where a winter storm means heavy ice and snow.  Then we lived in Florida where a storm meant heavy rain and winds.  Apparently in California, a storm means that the weather will actually be something OTHER than sun.  The first "storm" brought us slightly lower temperatures, clouds, and a few sprinkles.  Should I be disappointed?  I'm not sure……

 

Have a great week!  Just 10 more days until the day that many people open presents!

 Hello again everyone! 

I hope everyone has had a great first week of December.  You know what December means to the Keller household?  It means that hurricane season is over for 2008!  That's right, hurricane season officially ended on Nov 30 so we are good to go until it starts back up again in June.  Time to enjoy the downtime! 

Well last week was a busy week at my job.  We had to take genetic samples of all the fish in yet another tank.  The water was slightly warmer this time (16C).  I don't know what that is in Fahrenheit. I'm sure you can find a quick conversion on the web if you're super curious.  To me, the C stands for COLD.  It was 16 cold.  The fish were really obnoxious and even though I was bundled up in rain gear and waders, I still got my face splashed about a million times.  That was a long cold day.  I completely don't understand why fish freak out so much about being pulled out of the water.  I mean, it's not like they can't breathe or anything! 

There was one fish in the tank that we separated out because it had a severe spinal deformity.  We put him in a separate tank and I euthanized him the next day.  I dissected out the whole spine and sent it off for analysis.  That was a large package.  It was 25 pounds and I had to send it overnight.  I didn't even ask how much THAT cost to send.  There is another pathologist that has claimed that the fish get spinal deformities from ramming themselves into the tank walls.  I just don't buy that explanation, so that's why I went through that whole hassle.  Hopefully I'll be able to get some answers. 

Bill has been getting geared up for the veterinary conference.  For those of you that don't know, Bill is the software developer/IT go-to-guy for the North American Veterinary Conference.  It is the largest veterinary conference in the country and is held in Orlando every year.  It takes place in January so now everything is getting down to the wire.  Bill will be heading out there in the middle of January for almost 3 weeks.  This will be the first time in many many years that Emily and I won't be able to go, even if just for the weekend.  That's too bad.  

As for Emily, she had a busy week herself.  She received her report card and I'm sad to report that she will not be getting a flute.  However, she did get all A's and B's and we were still very pleased with her work.  To her credit though, she was not pleased with her report card and knows she could have done better.  But regardless, as a prize for her work, we gave her the choice of going out to eat at any place she wanted.  Much to our surprise, she decided she wanted to go to a Vietnamese Noodle House for some pho.  While this may not make sense to most of you, suffice it to say that there is a long story that I could give you to explain it.  Anyhow, I found a local place that served pho (a Vietnamese noodle soup) and we were on our way.  We had never had pho before (rhymes with "duh") but I thought it was pretty good.  The hard part was that there was a large clump of noodles and a very unwieldy spoon.  And there was no way in heck I was going to even try to use chopsticks like some of the locals were doing.  So I certainly wasn't graceful in my eating, but that's really nothing new.  Overall though, I liked it.  Emily wasn't TOO thrilled with hers but she didn't hate it either.  Beyond being happy that she did well in school, we were also happy that she managed to make us all eat something new.  It's good to have your horizons expanded from time to time! 

On Friday, Emily had a long day.  She had rehearsal for her musical after school until 5:30.  I had to meet with my amphibian and reptile students after school that day also.  It was on Friday that I discovered that one of the students (there were 2 on the team) was dropping out.  It turns out a spot opened up on the "Wright Stuff" team where they fly an airplane and that was always his first choice.  In case you don't remember, that is the team that Bill coaches.  So essentially, he's stealing my students.  Luckily, we can still compete with just the one student.  In fact, since I last wrote, Emily has also taken on ANOTHER event and will be doing Anatomy.  I will be the coach which makes it easy since I can just talk to her in the car.  The anatomy event covers the skeletal and circulatory systems.  That means Emily will be competing in four events!  It also means I'm stuck coaching 3.  With Bill's 2 events, we are easily coaching a large percentage of the school's Science Olympiad teams!

After Emily was done with her rehearsal, I had to rush her to her first girl scout meeting with her new troop.  Emily really enjoyed girl scouts last year and was anxious to continue.  Unfortunately it took me nearly 6 months to find her a troop.  But we did and she went to her first meeting.  She said it was good and that all the other girls were admiring all her patches.  She earned a lot last year.  I guess this troop doesn't go at quite the same pace as her old troop leader (she was a little crazy intense.)  Her next meeting will be near the end of December when they go caroling.  Heads up though, COOKIE SEASON IS COMING UP! 

On Saturday morning, we had to go to a school-wide Science Olympiad meeting.  It's kind of tough because all the coaches and all the students kind of have to parse their time between all the events.  Bill's students have begun building their balsa wood plane and the robot was started.  Unfortunately, the robot kit had some missing parts so that kind of put a stop to that really fast.  As for me, all of my events are learning events.  I went over some more stuff with my Amphibians and Reptiles student and then met all my other students that are in the Pentathlon.  We were pretty much the first family there and one of the last to leave. 

After a short afternoon, Emily had to get packed up to go to an overnight birthday party.  One of her classmates was having a birthday party.  Her parents rented a beach house and let the girls kind of have the run of the house and the pool and Jacuzzi etc.  The house was across the street from another house that was for sale.  Being curious, I stopped to take a pamphlet about the house.  The house had 6 bedrooms and 5 bathrooms.  It didn't mention square footage but I'm guessing with those numbers, it was large.  It was dark so I couldn't actually see the house very well.  Anyhow, it was beachfront.  It was a steal for only 6.8 million.  Uh…yeah.  I'll have to pass on that one.

After Bill and I dropped Emily off and we headed down to San Diego.  Over the weekend, San Diego had an event called "December Nights".  There is a large park in San Diego that has lots of museums and things.  The world famous San Diego zoo is even in the park.  Anyhow, for this event, they open up all the museums for free in the evening and then there is an international area where representatives from different countries come and do dances, cook food, etc.  Bill and I didn't really know exactly how to get there since we hadn't been to the park before.  We learned that we could park downtown near the baseball field and take a shuttle to the park.  That seemed like a good idea until we saw the line for the shuttle (which was really long).  45 minutes later, we were boarding the shuttle.  Luckily it was only about a 10-15 minute drive to the park but all in all, that took us an hour.  When we arrived, I was really hungry.  Our first goal was to find food.  We headed to the international area so I could choose from a wide variety of foods.  I decided on Panama tamales.  Bill had the same.  I also got a warm cinnamon tea.  The tamales were awesome and very unlike any tamales I'd ever had before.  After my delicious meal, I was ready for some more food.  As Emily says, I spend 60% of my time eating and the other 40% thinking about what I will eat.  I decided I would try some baklava from the Iranian booth since they're our allies now.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't superb either.  Then I had some pasta marinara over at my good friends the Italians.  The good ol' Italians never let me down.  After that I became saddened at the fact that I was no longer able to eat any more.  There were so many delicious countries left.  Darn satiation center.  We wandered around a bit more and saw that the Peruvians were dancing.  I had to stop and watch.  They're about the closest thing I had to Bolivians.  The dances were very cute and the costumes were great.  After a couple dances I realized it was already rapidly getting very late and we had hardly seen anything.  So we headed towards the other side of the park.  As we headed towards the center, we heard that there was a performance of Ave Maria taking place in this large open air auditorium.  I like that song so we headed over there to enjoy the performance.  Much to my surprise, the performance wasn't quite what I was expecting.  I was expecting Ave Maria as performed by a singer.  What I got was Ave Maria as interpreted by a gospel mime.  I KID YOU NOT.  There was a gospel group on stage, but the music was recorded.  All the members of the gospel group were wearing mime face make up.  They weren't lip synching.  They were moving their arms and bodies with the flow of the music.  It was like a bad train wreck where you're face is all screwed up with pain and disbelief and yet you continue to watch.  We watched 2 songs before we finally left.  I just don't get it but more power to them.  At that point, we had to get going.  The last shuttle left at 10:45 and I wanted to make sure we got there in plenty of time.  When we arrived we were not surprised to find yet another long line for the shuttle.  Luckily it didn't seem to take quite so long to get back.

On Sunday morning I had to go back to pick Emily up from her sleepover.  She said she had a good time.  They had dance dance revolution at the house and apparently Emily was WAY better than all the other girls.  That's because we love to do a little dance dance here at the house.  On Sunday I also learned several good tidbits of information.  The University of Florida Gators (where I did my internship and got my masters) is in the championship game.  What's even better is that they are playing the University of Oklahoma (my avowed enemy).  For those of you who don't remember, I went to vet school at Oklahoma STATE.  They are WAY better than OU (even though they're not in the championship game).  What was even more interesting is that Oklahoma State is playing in the Holiday Bowl.  Where does the holiday Bowl take place you might ask?  Well right here in sunny San Diego!  That's right!  I have to find out how much tickets are.  It would be fun to go and support my team.

Well that's about it for now.  I figure since I had a majorly long email last time I'd try to be a little less loquacious this time.  Anyhow, I'd like to give a quick shoutout to my sister.  "Happy Birthday Sarah!"  I hope everybody has a great week and you KNOW you'll be hearing from me soon enough!
 I hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving!  It's time again for my weekly ramblings (and a warning, this is a LONG one!) 

Just like most kids, Emily had a shortened school week.  On Monday, she had her first full-cast read through of the musical.  They started after school at 3:30 until 8 pm!  They had a pizza dinner in the middle so it wasn't ALL work.  When we arrived to pick her up, there was a very short info meeting for all the parents.  We were told that about 25 kids did NOT get a part, so all the students should be proud.  Her drama teacher seems really cool and enthusiastic.  They have a short amount of time to do a lot of work, so the students will really need to give it their all.  This is the first musical the school has ever performed and so far, they don't even know where the production will take place!!  Since it's a new school, there isn't a gym or a theater or anything.  But they say they'll work it out and I believe them.  Emily said she had a really good time at rehearsals.  Her part doesn't have any lines but she is part of the chorus in several places.  She says she's fine singing in a group.  There is another part that she may fill.  It requires her to laugh in a silly way.  I think the student that had that part can't do it or something.  That's not a sure thing though.  She only had school Monday and Tuesday and then was off for the Thanksgiving holiday. 

As for Bill and I, as I told you previously, we had to take his car to the shop.  We took it in first thing Monday morning.  It wasn't until around 4pm that day that we even got the estimate for repairs.  So Emily had to get a ride home with another parent who lives nearby.  It took most of the day on Tuesday for them to get the repairs done.  $700.00 later, we had a repaired car.  We sure didn't need that!  But at least our car is working again.  I had to work on Wednesday but it was kind of a short day.  They closed up shop around 3pm.  Plus, it seemed like all the senior researchers decided that Wednesday would be a great day to "work at home".  There were 2 more people that permanently left Hubbs last week.  One surprised me at first until I remembered that he was always scheduled to leave.  The other one was flat out fired but it seems he was quite belligerent and was causing some problems, so he needed to go.  However, it's getting upsetting getting all these emails announcing people's departures.  In good news, there is a new girl starting on Monday.  So at least they are still hiring! 

In my job news, I went ahead and applied to the SeaWorld job.  I told my supervisor on Monday.  She's a contract vet for the SeaWorld in San Diego so I wanted to make sure she heard it from me first.  I told her that I liked my job, I didn't want to move again but I need to cover my bases.  She completely understood and said she didn't blame me.  She said that they may even be hiring at the Sea World in San Diego and/or Dubai soon.  For those of you who didn't know, SeaWorld is opening up parks in Dubai.  And yes, that's the Arabian Dubai.  It was kind of funny because this week I also got an email from a friend of mine.  She works at a large aquarium and is very unhappy in her job.  She told me she also applied to the job.  So as usual, the competition is tough.  I honestly wish her the best.  She's got a lot more cetacean experience than I do so that should serve her well. 

The rest of my work week went fine.  No major issues.  It was kind of funny that when I met with my supervisor a few days later, I almost felt like I was being recruited all over again.  She kept mentioning all the cool projects that they have in the pipeline and all the different things that are going on.  I know she is trying to make sure I stay and I appreciate it.  But the proof is in the pudding as they say. 

Thanksgiving Day went well for us.  We spent it at home.  Both of our families are quite far away so we are used to having a quiet cozy Thanksgiving with just the 3 of us.  I watched the Macy's Thanksgiving parade as I always do.  It's cheesy but traditional.  As I mentioned, Bill did all the cooking.  He did a great job and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It is my favorite meal.  I ate way too much but had fun doing it.  Afterwards, I worked a bit on my Science Olympiad stuff.  Coaching the Amphibians and Reptiles has been a lot of work.  In addition, it has been decided that I will be coaching another event called the Pentathlon.  Emily is in that event also.  I had to get stuff together for the students (8 of them) in that event.  That event basically covers general science stuff.  In the afternoon, I headed off to CVS to pick up a few things.  On the way, I saw that Blockbuster was open.  On a whim, I went in to see if they had Wii Music for rent.  I was curious about the game but didn't want to just buy it.  I ended up finding it, and also finding Animal Crossing for the Wii.  Animal Crossing is this cute addictive game where you live in a town.  They released a new version for the Wii that you can play over the internet with friends.  I had read some reviews and they weren't great but I wanted to decide for myself.  So I rented both. 

We spent most of the rest of the evening playing Wii Music.  It's really a pretty fun game to play with others.  Bill, Emily, and I made the most hilarious music video that you would just have to see to believe.  Wii Music isn't really a game as much as it is a toy.  A fun toy that I think works best in groups.  And you can swap music videos online.  So if anyone has Wii Music and wants a hilarious video, let me know.  Anyhow, after we were getting tuckered out with Wii Music, Emily started Animal Crossing.  Although I was skeptical about the game because of the reviews, I was pleasantly surprised.  It seemed fun.  I gave it a go on Friday and enjoyed it.  I'm kind of sad that we'll have to return it.  We may have to buy one or both of those. 

On Friday, I spent most of the day working on Science Olympiad stuff.  I wanted to get some of the lessons done ahead of time so that I won't be so under the gun to get stuff out everyday.  I've got the lessons done through Thursday.  Plus, I also made a plan for all the lessons until the Regional Competition in February.  I wanted to make sure I wasn't going to fast or too slow.  It's gonna be tight but we should be able to cover everything.  It's just up to the kids to keep up.  I posted a quiz today and they need to get me their answers by tomorrow.  We'll see how they do.  

Saturday we decided to take a road trip.  We decided to head up north and, as they say on American Idol, "We're going to Hollywood!"  It was about a 2 hour drive to get there.  When I was still in Florida, I can't tell you how many times I had the following conversation.  I would mention that I was moving to California and the person would scowl and say "Ewww, I hate California.  I used to live in California and I couldn't stand it/couldn't wait to leave/hated it" Then they'd ask me where in California I was moving and I would say San Diego.  Then their face would un-scowl and they'd say "Oh, well San Diego is different.  San Diego is beautiful.  It's not like the rest of California."  The reason I mention this is because, until Saturday, I hadn't really left the San Diego area (other than a short trip to Sacramento where I only got to see the hotel and a boring classroom).  Well let me tell you they were right.  Once you get into the LA area, it becomes really ugly and really crowded.  It was also really really hazy (which you will note in the pictures) but I don't think that was an LA thing.  It was a pretty hazy day even in San Diego that day.  

Anyhow, our first stop was Graumann's Chinese Theater.  That's the famous theater where all the hand print and foot prints are in cement.  That's on Hollywood Blvd which is also where the Hollywood walk of fame is.  That's where the "stars" are on the sidewalk.  That whole area was really funny.  There are tons of people in costume.  They offer to have your picture taken with them but (of course) they want money for the deal.  There was a really creepy guy there who made me walk the other way.  Bill took a picture of him (you'll see it on the webpage).  I told Bill he was creepy and he informed me that he was Michael Myers.  You see, I've never seen Halloween (the movie series) or Friday the 13, so I'm a bit naïve in that regard.  I DO know that the Friday the 13th guy wears a hockey mask.  We also saw, Charlie Chaplin, Darth Vader, Big Bird, Cpt Jack Sparrow, Mr. Incredible, etc.

Anyhow, we had already decided that we were going to take a Starline tour on a double decker bus.  It was a one hour tour that pointed out various areas of Hollywood.  It was pretty interesting.  I was really excited to see the road they used for the Back to the Future movie (can you tell I'm a Back to the Future fan).  And I was also majorly excited to see the train car they used for a restaurant fight seen in the movie Superman 2.  I used to watch Superman 2 SO much as a kid that I knew all the words.  So I DEFINITELY recognized the train car.  We also passed by the Viper Room where River Phoenix died.  I took a picture of Chef Gordon Ramsey's restaurant "The London West Hollywood".  I would LOVE to go eat there but I fear it would cost as much as our car repair.  Might have to wait a bit on that one.  We love Chef Gordon Ramsey in the Keller household.  He's awesome.  Anyhow, we also passed by many studios such as Paramount (got to see the famous arched gates), CBS, Nickelodeon and others.  We saw the Kodak Theater where they hold the Oscars every year.  It was all really cool.  We also saw some major kick butt automobiles!  Lamborghinis, Aston Martins, Rolls Royce, Ferraris, Woo hoo!  Quite a cool tour!
 

After the tour, we had some lunch and then decided to hike up to the Hollywood sign.  The area around the sign is off limits, but there is a trail that takes you fairly close.  It was a pretty steep climb but the trail was nice and wide.  You will see pictures of us on the trail.  It was definitely worth the hike.  The letters were nice and close and it would've been an awesome view of LA if it was visible.  As it was, it was barely visible (you can also see that in the pictures).  While we were up there a police SUV drove up.  I guess he was just on patrol.  After stopping in the area for a bit, he decided to make a U-turn.  Well while making the U-turn, he ended up getting his tires stuck (they fell off the road and into a ravine in the sand).  He tried to back up but his vehicle wasn't going anywhere.  We approached him and asked if he needed help.  Bill guided him into straightening out his tires and then he was able to gun it free.  As he left, he said "On behalf of the city of Los Angeles, I thank you!"  I'm sure they will have a parade in our honor.  They'll probably call it the Rose Parade and hold it on New Years Day.  I'm looking forward to it.  You can see pictures of our Hollywood adventure here http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100088
 

After we made it back to our car, it was already getting late, so we headed back.  Traffic was horrible.  I'm not sure if that's just normal for that area or if it was worse because of Thanksgiving.  But it was bad nevertheless.  They say that absence makes the heart grow fonder.  I guess that's true.  Because as we approached the San Diego area and things became familiar, for the first time since I've been here, it felt like home.  I was happy to be back to where I belong.  

In the spirit of Thanksgiving, I thought I would thank all of you for being you.  You are all not just random people that I email.  You are all important parts of my life and I am thankful to each and every one of you.  So I thought I would say a few things about each of you if you don't mind (and if you do it's too late since I already did so you'll have to skip to the end). 

 

K Brill – We had some good times in some pretty bad smelling situations!  You were always there for me to vent and are always ready to lend a helping hand.  In fact, even when I had my major painting malfunction days before my move, you offered to help me paint if needed.  I was too stressed out to respond but I can't tell you how much that meant to have a friend like that!  I know you are at a crossroads right now but I have confidence that you'll figure it out!

 

I&J Stevens – We had some great time as kids.  I used to love when you guys would visit or when we would visit you.  I remember having a great time on the water slides in Albuquerque or having you excitedly explain to me how your horse was pregnant.  Picnics in the mountains were also great.  It's too bad that distance has made our getting together again more difficult.  I'm hoping that will change now that we are closer geographically.  Please send my regards to Adam (who's email I do not have). 

 

B Bippes – Thanks for always making sure that Bill becomes injured during your outings.  How else would we get to see the inside of an emergency room in the Florida Keys?  How many people get to do that?  Seriously though, from being Best Man at our wedding, to helping Bill at the conference, to offering to scuba certify Emily, you have always been willing to help us out and it is appreciated.  Just knock off the injuries and you'll be welcome to visit anytime!

 

S Enright – You were a bastion of sanity in an otherwise insane working environment.  You are caring, honest, and sincere.  I thoroughly enjoyed working with you and I am glad that we have remained friends.  I only hope that some day you will learn my name!!!

 

E, A, S Maydana – I can't tell you how much I miss you guys.  Our summer together is one of my fondest memories.  From pies in the face, to making Aline mad by pretending that we were lost in some other town, you gals were so much fun.  I'm thankful that we spent that time together and hope we will be able to meet up again soon!

 

K Bailey – Although distance has kept us from spending a lot of time together, the Thanksgiving that we spent together remains a funny memory.  I don't know HOW long we spent driving the strip in Orlando looking for a place to eat!  Thanks so much for the generosity and love you showed to Emily in introducing her to Build a Bear.  She still has her cat!  It was great to hear that you often read my blogs to your kids!  I'm glad to hear they are being enjoyed.

 

V Sircy – Our time together has been sporadic but I know you have been a good cousin to 
David and have gotten to spend a lot more time with Sarah.  Trust me; I'm not nearly as weird as either one of them.  I was excited to hear about your successes with your pageants.  I hope that we will be reunited soon!  I still have the basket you carried as a flower girl at my wedding!

 

J Keller – We've not had a lot of opportunities to spend a lot of time together but I enjoyed your visit many years ago.  I certainly hope you're managing to keep warm up there in Alaska!  I'm glad you and Bill continue to keep in touch.  I'm thankful that despite the fact that the two of you often disagree on things, you continue to maintain a good relationship.  As you know, that's not always the case and I'm thankful that you continue to remain a part of our lives.

 

A Sircy – I remember when I first met you I though you were gigantic.  Heck, I still think you're tall!  But I appreciate all you did for us when we were younger.  From letting my sister and I go horseback riding to (more importantly), being there for my aunt at a most difficult time.  I'm thankful for all the love and compassion you've shown my family (extended and otherwise). 

 

C Maydana – I remember when I visited, you said you were happy to have such a large family, even if it was for a short time.  I enjoyed being part of that large family.  I can't thank you enough for all the love you showed my sister and me (both during my visit and beyond).  You were a good sport about taking pies in the face and you scared us by asking "Who's next?" when we'd visit your office!  Thank you so much for opening your home to us.  I hope to see you soon.

 

E Sircy – I have so many great memories with you.  I also have so many memories of you and my mom fighting about who was going to pay for things! (they both wanted to pay, for those of you eavesdropping!)  You were always happy to open your house and your heart to us.  I remember visiting one time and you just sat with me on the bed, opened up your jewelry box and asked me if I wanted any of the earrings.  I wore those earrings to death.  They were god awful 80's earrings now that I look back on it, but I loved them when I had em!  There are too many memories with you to list here, from grade school, middle school, high school, college, weddings, kids etc.  Thank you for always being there.  I had hoped to see you during our move but I quickly realized that that was just NOT going to be possible.  Hopefully we'll manage a meet up sometime soon!

 

J&H Herbeck – Gosh what CAN'T I be thankful for from you guys?  You gave me one of the best gifts ever (the best gift giver is yet to come).  Thanks to you both so much for instilling in Bill a love of reading, education, and dedication.  I think that you can tell a lot about a guy by the way he relates to his parents.  The fact that Bill does such a good job always calling you guys and seeing how you're doing was just one of the many reasons why I decided to stick with him.  You are fabulous in-laws and wonderful grandparents and I thank you both from the bottom of my heart.

 

R Maydana – Like Tia Celina, you were also instrumental in making my summer abroad so wonderful.  You took us to such wonderful places.  I'll always remember Corcovado, Sugar Loaf, Copacabana, as well as the fun things like Aline and Stella's birthday party and the Bolivian festival.  You went above in beyond in hosting Sarah and I.  I was too young to thank you properly, but I would certainly like to now.  Thanks so much for everything you did and continue to do.  I have been greatly disappointed at not being able to attend the recent weddings but I sincerely hope we will visit soon enough.

 

D VanDeGejuchte – We've had some good time and we've had some bad times.  Nonetheless, you are my brother, I love you, and nothing is more important than that.  As you know, we have had our disagreements.  Some have been minor; some have resulted in furniture being moved out a window.  Nevertheless, I am still proud to have you as a brother.  You are intelligent,  have a good heart, and a kind soul.  You are an excellent uncle and are a hard worker.  I wish you lived closer but that is strictly for selfish reason.  I'm very thankful that you are there to help Sarah and mom and dad.  I hope that as you progress you will meet your full potential.

 

S VanDeGejuchte – Gosh, what can I say?  I've probably fought with you more than anyone, and that was before I was 16!  Sharing a room does that.  But we had some great times as kids too.  Like the time we wanted to see if we could slither through the drainage pipe to get to the drainage grate area under the side of road!  We could, we did, and then we were covered in mud!  Then we huddled in borrowed bathrobes at our friends' house while they washed our clothes so mom wouldn't find out!  And as you know, our time in Brazil was phenomenal.  It's too bad that we're not closer so that the girls can spend more time together.  I know they would like that (except for river rafting trips).  Thanks for all the good times, I'll forget the bad, and thanks for all the love you've shown Bill and Emily.

 

N & J VanDeGejuchte – How do you thank people who gave you life?  I guess by saying thanks huh?  That doesn't seem like a good enough word though.  Mom, you were damn annoying with your "lets make you learn typing over the summer" or "sit down and learn your scales or else".  But thanks to you, I am a super fast typer and earned a music scholarship (lotta good that did me but that's beside the point!).  You always expected excellence and that is a lesson that I have carried with me.  For those of you still eavesdropping, this is a lady who taught me how to read before I was 4 when SHE HERSELF had just learned English.  Anyhow, now poor Emily is being subjected to the same abuse.  Dad, it is because of you that I became such a prolific reader.  You were always reading something and recommended books to me.  I remember loving the Destroyer novels and I remember you reading me The Hobbit.  Plus, you always had to make a funny joke at the most inappropriate times!  Then I'd be left trying to stifle a laugh which just made it funnier.  I love you both more than I can say.  I wish you were closer but again, that's purely selfish.  I'm glad you are at least able to be with Sarah and David.

 

B&E Keller – The winner of the best gift giver ever would have to be Bill.  You gave me Emily.  Usually, I'm very thankful for that.  Occasionally, I blame you.  But as you know, that's just in jest.  I guess I was premature in my last email talking about you.  You have been so supportive in everything that I've done.  And you continue to be so.  You are compassionate, caring, funny, intelligent, and a wonderful father.  You put up with my animals and my vet-ness even though when we got married we never would have thought I would have ended up being a vet, much less for fish!  Unlike most of your friends, you have had to deal with finding animal parts in your refrigerator and having your wife come home smelling of 3 day old Florida sun rancified whale blubber. 

Emily, you are the joy of my life despite our disagreements.  I have enjoyed watching you grow into a beautiful young tween.  You only have one year left and then I can't call you that anymore!  You are lovely, intelligent, and talented.  You have a great sense of humor and are doing fantastic in school. I look forward to seeing where life will take you as you continue to grow.  To the both of you, I love you more than I can say.  Thank you so much for spending your days with me and giving me so much to talk about in my non blogs.  Sometimes when you spend so much time with somebody, you forget to tell them how much they mean.  Well you guys mean everything to me. 

 

 

I hope you all had a great holiday weekend (except for you guys in Brazil since you didn't get to have a holiday).  I still hope you had a great weekend though, don't get me wrong.  It's about time to get back to work and time to welcome in December!  Until next week!

 Greetings again everyone! 

I hope everyone is prepared for some good old-fashioned turkey this week.  I know I am! 

This was the first week where I had to make lessons for the Amphibians and Reptiles topic.  It was hard figuring out where to begin.  Emily's school has a wiki page that we use to communicate with each other and post documents, pictures etc.  I decided to start with Salamanders and Newts.  I've been making short little blurbs about the different families each day.  During the actually event, the kids will be shown a specimen or a picture and they will have to answer question about the critter.  For example, if there is a picture of a snake, they will have to answer, "What family does this snake belong to, what does this snake eat, is this snake poisonous etc."  Of course they cannot answer the question without being able to identify the snake.  They are allowed to bring in a field guide and they are allowed to put post its, write in the book and/or tab pages.  So it is essential that in addition to sending out lessons, that I also meet with the kids so that they can get used to using their book and writing their notes.  

Our first sit down meeting was after school on Friday.  I have 2 7th grade boys on the team.  One of them is a type-A personality that I can tell will be difficult to reign in.  For example, although I was sending out salamander stuff, he was excited to tell me that he learned all the parts of a turtle's shell.  Well that's great but probably not necessary and not relevant to the lessons at hand.  The other kid seems a little spacey but smart.  So it should be interesting.  At the very least, I'M learning a lot!  I haven't started on any lessons for the pentathlon yet.  The teams for that didn't get finalized until Friday and even then, I got the feeling that a few of the kids were strong armed by the teacher to join so I'm not sure if they are in it for sure or not.

 Bill's also been hard at work with his science Olympiad stuff.  He spent most of Saturday looking at various ways of making a robot for the robot event.  During the event, the robot (which is remote controlled) has to move various objects into various locations.  The objects are things like coins or Lego blocks.  It should be fun to see how things progress! 

One thing that I'm excited about is that I got everything finalized for us to attend the Rose Parade on New Years day.  When I knew we'd be moving to California, that was one of the things I was excited about doing.  I've watched the parade since I was a kid and have always loved it.  I booked a hotel room back in June.  I finally got the tickets for the event (so that we don't have to find a curb at 3 in the morning) this week.  Keep an eye for us on TV on New Years day! 

Emily's first trimester ended on Friday.  We'll see how she did on grades.  I told her to name her reward if she ends up with straight A's.  It took her forever to think of something but then she decided she really wants a flute.  She played flute in the band last year but her school this year doesn't have a band or orchestra.  But I agreed with her proposal.  So if she pulls it off, then we'll buy her a flute.  She really enjoyed playing and can at least be part of the youth symphony that they have here.  I don't know when grades will come out.  Even if she doesn't end up with straight A's, that'll mean she has A's and B's which is still great.  This week will be a short week for her (and I'm sure all kids) because of Thanksgiving.  She only has to go Monday and Tuesday and will be off Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday.  The first full-cast read through of her musical will take place on Monday night.  

Sunday ended being kind of a bummer day for us.  We were planning on going to a large park in San Diego and then going to the Museum of Art (located within the park premises).  We set off about midday but only made it about 10 minutes.  All of the sudden, Bill's car started sputtering and his check engine light came on.  So we turned around and went back home.  As we pulled into the driveway, a little bit of smoke was billowing into the car from the vents.  We briefly looked at the engine but all we could determine was that the engine was present (which is ALWAYS a good thing).  Neither one of us is knowledgeable in the ways of cars.  We were able to determine that the oil level was low.  So as not to make the day a waste, we decided to still go to the park, but in my car.  Being responsible though, I decided to stop off at Target to pick up some oil.  As I pulled into Target, both Bill and Emily SIMULTANEOUSLY stated that they didn't feel well.  I decided at that point that the gods clearly did not want us going to the park.  So we went in and bought some oil.  Emily bought Mario Kart for the DS using birthday money that she had.  Since we were next door to Toys R Us, we also went there.  Bill wanted to buy an Erector set for use with his robot setup.  Luckily we get reimbursed for all this stuff.  It gets expensive!!  Then we just headed back home.  Bill put more oil in the car but not surprisingly, it still didn't help.  So he'll be headed to the shop tomorrow.  Bummer.  It's never cheap. 

It was kind a weird week at work for me.  On Monday I went in like normal.  There is a receptionist up front named April.  As usual she was there and I said hi like normal.  Later in the morning she sent out a reminder to all the staff that there would be a birthday celebration on Thursday for all of the November birthdays (like every month).  I was taken out to lunch that day with the VP of the company.  She's the only other veterinarian and is my direct supervisor.  She was taking three of us out to lunch to find out our opinions of our respective programs.  It was a nice lunch, but during the lunch she mentioned that she was bummed that she wasn't going to have email on her phone any longer.  I guess during a meeting, they found out that it was $60 a month per person for phone email access and they decided that for financial reasons they weren't going to do that any longer.  I didn't really think much about it at the time.  But when I got back in the afternoon, our Chief Financial Officer sent out a facility wide email stating that it was April's last day today and we thank her for her service blah blah blah.  I was stunned as were most other people.  April made no mention of leaving.  Many people surmised that she had been fired.  But it turns out she was "laid off".  She was told on Monday that that would be her last day.  No warning, no severance, no anything.  And they didn't replace her position but rather expanded the roles of a few other folks in order to cover the roles that she had.  She was devastated and was crying but there was nothing she could do.  Many people surmise that she had actually been "nicely fired".  I guess she had a tendency to take days off and that this was an ongoing problem.  So maybe they wanted to fire her and had a budget shortfall so decided to SAY they were laying her off (so as to be nice), but they actually were getting rid of her.  But needless to say that, in conjunction with the news that they are looking at cutting things in order to keep on budget, was rather concerning. 

Then came Thursday when ANOTHER staff member was fired.  She was told plain and simple that she was fired.  She was new (had worked there about 3 months).  This got people even more on edge.  Made people start wondering (including me) who would be next?!  Definitely not a comfortable feeling to see the management cleaning house so to speak.  What makes this more concerning is that my original agreement with Hubbs is just for one year.  Now, they have told me flat out that they intend to keep me on long term but I have nothing in writing yet.  The instability of the economy, the instability of my position and the recent actions of my employer are enough to make me quite concerned.

Then I find out that there is a veterinary opening at SeaWorld in Orlando.  I had been in the running for that position several years ago; the last time there was an opening.  I was in the final four but obviously wasn't selected.  But I at least know that I'm a strong candidate.  When I saw that they were hiring, I mentioned it to Bill and he stated "Well apply!"   That took me by surprise since, as you all know, we just moved.  I was stunned and said "Are you KIDDING ME?!"  Then he said yes and the world was back to normal.  But then I read the whole job description and got to the part where they mention the salary.  I became more interested.  Do I want to move back to Florida?  Yes, I loved St. Petersburg, but SeaWorld is in Orlando, not St. Petersburg.  Do I want to work at SeaWorld?  Yes and no.  The medicine is more hard core which I like, but the hard science (research, investigations, discoveries) is lacking.  And I love that part of working at Hubbs.  We are on the forefront of the marine aquaculture industry.  Do I want to live in Orlando?  NO.  I don't like Orlando.  Neither does Bill (although working at the veterinary conference would be a lot easier since it's IN Orlando).  And really, I don't even think Emily would like living in Orlando since, even though we'd be in Florida, she'd STILL need to go to yet ANOTHER new school and make new friends.  It would be close enough to St Pete to be annoying that we weren't closer to her friends.  So we tossed the idea back and forth about whether I SHOULD actually apply or not.  It would suck to find out in several months that they WON'T be able to renew my contract.  Then I'd be SOL without a JOB.  I can always do small animal medicine, so we certainly wouldn't starve.  Heck I'd make more money doing small animal medicine.  But we didn't move clear across the country so that I could do small animal medicine.  First and foremost in my mind is that Bill's opinion matters greatly.  Bill has been tremendously supportive of me throughout my career.  He moved away from his friends in Tulsa to live in a Podunk college town where he was stuck being Mr. Mom while I went to vet school.  Then after only being back in Tulsa for a year, he was supportive of me moving to Gainesville Florida (leaving his friends again) so that I could go do an internship.  Then after becoming nice and settled in Gainesville, he was supportive of moving again to the St Petersburg area so that I could work with manatees.  Then after finally getting settled in St Petersburg, he was supportive YET AGAIN (leaving a good diving setup) so that we could move clear across the country so that I could work with my fish.  And of all three of us, Bill likes San Diego the most.  He likes the weather, he likes the terrain, and most of all, he's got an even better dive set up than he had in St Petersburg).  For once, he's happy and the last thing I want to do is make him move again to a town in the middle of Florida with too many tourists and no beach.  So what to do? 

Well I figure, I can apply and see what happens.  If they don't pick me then it's no loss.  If they do pick me then I can make an assessment of the situation at that time.  They wouldn't make a decision (based on the speed they moved last time) until March or April.  By then, things should be a lot clearer on what's going on here.  I really really really like my job and I really really like Emily's school and I'd like her to stay and graduate.  So it would really have to be a good offer and things would have to look bad here for us to consider it.  I wish they had a position open here.  It would be a lot easier decision that would result in a lot fewer issues.  But wishes are like fishes.  You never know when one might fly out of the water and impale you with a stinger.

 Which brings me to Thanksgiving.  We are just going to have a nice quiet Thanksgiving here at home.  It'll just be me, Bill, and Emily.  Bill will, of course, do all the cooking.  For those of you that don't know, in addition to him being super supportive of me dragging the family everywhere, he also slices and dices and can julienne fries like a pro!  I'm so lucky!  But anyway as for dinner, I am looking forward to it.  Thanksgiving dinner is one of my favorite meals.  And then of course there's the mandatory watching of the parade and watching of the football.  Good times!  I hope all of you enjoy your Thanksgivings and enjoy your time with your families!  I'll be in touch!

 Well it's been another week!  I hope everyone is doing well! 

First things first.  I'd like to make a very public and very happy announcement today.  Emily got a part in her school's musical!  Admittedly it's a small part, but she's happy about it and she should be proud.  She will be a chambermaid.  If I haven't mentioned it before, the musical is called "Once Upon A Mattress" and is based on the fairy tale, The Princess and the Pea.  The first full cast read through will be in a week so she will certainly have her work cut out for her.  She'll be having rehearsals after school starting after Thanksgiving.  The musical is set to be performed on February 27 so they have a lot of work ahead of them.  I think it's exciting that she'll be part of a large school wide production, but also, it will be the first every school-wide production! 

In work related news, it was a very busy week for me.  We did a lot of health checks on our broodstock this Wednesday.  Just like with the other fish, that required me to go into the tank in order to check gills, take blood, etc.  Luckily, the water was not nearly as cold so it wasn't too bad.  Unfortunately I found a lot of health issues that need to be addressed.  So it's going to be a busy month trying to get everything under control.  We were going to check another 45 fish this week but I had to postpone that due to health issues (fish health not mine!).  It seems the change in the water temperature has really caused a lot of problems!  I've spent most of this weekend just trying to catch up on all the paperwork from last week. If you're interested in seeing pictures of me (in blue) in the tank with my coworkers and fish, you can go here:

http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100080 
Saturday was a busy day for the Keller clan.  We had another Science Olympiad meeting at 9 am.  We had to meet with our kids for the first time and start planning how to prepare for the competition.  I had already been in contact with the kids in my team via email but I hadn't met them yet.  What complicated things was that Emily's lacrosse game started at 10 am.  So we got there at 9 and at 915 Emily had to go meet up with her lacrosse team to warm up.  Bill and I met briefly with the kids on our respective teams but then at 10 we had to head off to watch the game.  My kids seem enthusiastic but they are both on several other teams, so their schedules will be tight.  Because there was no coach for the Pentathlon competition (which Emily is in), I opted to coach that as well.  I have no idea what that entails so it's gonna be a lot of work ahead for both me and Bill! 

Saturday was Emily's final lacrosse game.  It was a home game and her team played awesome!  They were making passes after passes and really hustling.  They were ahead at the half but the other team rallied in the second half to win it.  The girls were still upbeat though because they knew they had played well.  It was a really great game to watch.  At the end of the game, they had a small party afterwards.  They had pizza, soda, and cupcakes.  They also gave a small gift to their coach to thank her for all her hard work.  She reminded all the players that this year they will be moving lacrosse to the Spring season, so this is the one year that lacrosse will happen twice.  Emily had originally been planning to do tennis in the Spring but she's now thinking about doing lacrosse instead.  I would encourage her to stick with what she knows and what she likes.  She's never played tennis before, so we'll probably take her out and at least let her try it out before the Spring season starts.  

That Saturday afternoon, we had ANOTHER Science Olympiad meeting.  This was was for the entire county.  Basically, the people that would be judging the events took the time to explain the whole process, make sure everyone understood the rules etc.  Bill and Emily attended the "Wright Stuff" event explanation.  They will have to build a balsa airplane and see how long they can make it fly in a gymnasium.  Sounds like a lot of hard but fun work ahead.  I went to the Amphibians and Reptiles discussion.  It seems that for the county level competition, I can have the kids focus on mainly Western species.  But if they make it to State or National levels, they'll need to know their stuff nationwide.  Very cool but very intimidating work ahead of us! 

For those of you who aren't aware, NASCAR ended their season this Sunday.  The final race took place in Miami.  It was a melancholy day for us because we have gone to that race for many years.  It was my favorite race to attend for several reasons.  Our seats were always phenomenal, the track is great, the race is exciting, and Miami is lovely this time of year.  So it was sad to see it all take place without us.  What was even sadder was seeing Jimmie Johnson win his third championship in a row.  My dad is a big fan though so I would assume he is a happy guy today! 

After spending most of Sunday doing the previously mentioned paperwork, Emily and I decided to have movie night.  Bill had opted to go diving on Sunday afternoon, so it was just her and me.  We watched Back to the Future which is always a good movie.  After it was done, we opted to go ahead and watch Back to the Future Part II.  I was a bit stunned while watching Back to the Future 2.  You see, I remember watching the first Back the Future and couldn't WAIT till the sequels came out.  So that must have been in the late 80's sometime.  However, watching it now, I was horrified to realize that we are now MUCH closer to the future year in the movie (2015), than we are to the "modern" day setting (1985).  What was funny to see was that in 2015 they showed a kid walking by a phone booth.  A what you ask?!  A phone booth!  Yeah!  They used to be these stands with land line phones that you had to put money in to use!  Outrageous huh?  Apparently in 2015 we'll have flying cars, hover boards, holographic advertisements, but no cell phones.  Pity. 

Early this Monday morning (4 am) I was awakened by a large "BOOM!" followed by a brief shaking of our house.  The BOOM was what woke me up.  It also woke Bill up.  I asked him what the heck that was and he said he didn't know.  My fuzzy brain soon realized it must have been an earthquake and I went back to sleep.  Later this morning, we confirmed our suspicions by checking the USGS website.  There was a 4.1 magnitude quake about 50 miles away.  It wasn't bad; it was just surprising how loud it was.  Very different than the "rolling" earthquake I felt earlier this summer.  There was an aftershock at around 9 am but it was less intense.  Emily was quite upset to learn she slept through the 4 am quake and didn't feel the 9 am quake.  I'm sure it's just a matter of time before she feels her first California quake. 

Well that's all I've got for now.  I hope everyone has a great week.  My apologies to those of you who've emailed me recently.  I've been so busy with work stuff that I've been negligent in getting back to you.  Rest assured, your emails have been read and appreciated.  Hopefully I'll be getting back to you all soon enough.  Have a great week!

 Hello again everyone! 

Well first things first.  As you are all (hopefully!) aware, our election is over and we have a winner.  I can't say we were very surprised.  It looked like Obama had it in the bag for a while now.  And as you already know, we are very disappointed here in the Keller household.  We would have been disappointed if McCain won too.  But I think things are only going to go down hill from here.  We are not feeling optimistic here.  I'd love to be proven wrong!  What was surprising to me here in California is that the state voted FOR Obama and FOR Proposition 8 (making marriage only between a man and a woman).  That has upset a lot of people here in California.  Now groups are trying to say that it is against the Constitution to make that a law.  So it never ends.  We'll see how it goes.  That has been a nastier fight in this state than the presidential election!

As for me, it was an interesting week at work.  You see, although Hubbs is in San Diego and Carlsbad, there is also a branch in Orlando Florida.  Because of that, Hubbs is still actively involved in a lot of Florida stuff.  Well it turns out that the state has a lot of plans to get more and more involved with aquaculture.  Since we are one of the premier aquaculture organizations in the nation if not the world, the state has decided to open talks to collaborate with us on future plans. So they sent a couple of people over to San Diego this week to meet with us.  Being that I am in charge of fish health and that is an important part of an overall design, I was one of the people they asked to talk with the Florida people.  Well it turns out, I actually already knew one of the Florida people.   For those of you who didn't know, I used to work for the state of Florida several years ago.  I worked for a branch of the Fish and Wildlife Commission when I was doing manatee stuff.  Well one of the people I met when I worked there was part of the meetings.  And the other guy worked in the same main building.  So we had a lot to talk about.  They are really excited about the prospects of working with us but everything is in extremely early planning stages.  I have to admit, talking all about Florida and all these plans made my heart ache.  Emily is not the only one who misses Florida. :( 

In Emily news, the Laurel and Hardy routine finally ended between me and Emily.  She finally came to accept the fact that she WOULD have to sing a song in order to audition for the musical.  To her credit, she sucked up the fact that she didn't want to sing in public and still ended up auditioning.  She opted to sing Happy Birthday .  At the audition, Emily said they had her sing it several times.  One was normal, another was cheery, another was mad etc.  Then she had to read a part with another teacher.  She won't find out if she got a part or not until this week sometime.  It turns out that a WHOLE lot more students signed up to audition than there are parts so there will be a lot of disappointed students.  But I am extremely proud that Emily had the guts to go ahead and audition despite her misgivings.  The chances of her getting a part are stacked against her not only because of the numbers but also because she's a 7th grader and my guess is that they give more parts to the older kids.  But I'll let you know next week! 

In somewhat Emily news, we finally have gotten started on the Science Olympiad stuff.  Emily was assigned to compete in "Wright stuff" which is building an airplane, "Robocross" which is building a remote control robot, and the "Pentathlon" which is general knowledge in 5 main science areas.  I was selected as the coach for the "Amphibian and Reptile" topic which has 2 of Emily's classmates in it.  I may also be the coach for the Penthalon, but I'm not sure yet.  Bill was selected as the coach for the both the airplane and the robot building.  My topic is mainly about having the kids be able to identify critters (they can use a guide) and then answer questions about them.  Our first official meeting with the kids is on Saturday but Emily also has a lacrosse game at the same time so that makes it a bit dicey.  We will only be able to meet for about an hour.  Should be a fun time though.  I'm looking forward to working with them.  

Speaking of lacrosse, Emily had another lacrosse game this Saturday.  Just like a few weeks ago, many of the players were unable to make it.  It also looked like at least 3 of the players have injuries which have taken them out of being able to compete.  So this week, not only did her team not have extra players which would allow team members to go on and off the field during the game, they were actually down 1 player.  I guess her coach didn't want to cancel yet ANOTHER game so they actually made an arrangement with the other team to use one of the OPPOSING team's players for the game.  That way, both teams were still able to play.  To her credit, that player did a good job for the team but it wasn't enough.  Emily's team lost another game.  However, Emily continues to make huge improvements every game.  She was actively involved in the game both on offense and defense.  The hardest part about the game was finding it!  It was at a local high school but this school was humungous and it seemed like there were roughly 18 million OTHER events going on at the same time.  After driving around the school both ways and not seeing the fields, Bill finally just dropped Emily and I off to search.  We had to walk past a fall festival, a baseball team practicing, tennis courts, a pool, a football stadium with a football game in session and some team playing soccer before we finally found the lacrosse field tucked away in the back.  Her last lacrosse game of the season is this Saturday.  It's been a fun season and I've learned a whole lot about it.  It's actually quite an interesting sport! 

And thus concludes this week's email.  I know this is short for me but I figured a short email every once and a while is probably appreciated.  I'm sure you all get tired of my ramblings sometimes!  However, I am very appreciative of all the emails I've gotten from you all.  I love hearing from you all.  One quick Nintendo thing.  Emily recently got a game "Mario Super Smash Brothers" for the Wii.  Both Bill and I completely DON'T like it and aren't keen on playing it with her.  Especially since she's so good.  So if any of you out there have the game and have a Wii and would like to play online, please email me and let me know.  Emily says you will be mince meat, but it will be fun! 

Until next week!
 Greetings again to everyone! Happy November! 

First and foremost, I hope everyone that is registered to vote will go out and vote or has already voted.  Second, I hope that those of you who are of age, but have NOT registered to vote, will do so.  Obviously it won't make a difference this time around, but it's good to keep track of what's going on around you.  It will certainly be an interesting week and only time will tell who ends up the victor in this presidential race. 

As for the Keller clan, we've been doing fine.   Emily had another lacrosse game, this time on Wednesday after school.  It was pretty much a disaster.  What I haven't told you is that ever since she started lacrosse, Bill has been taking her to a local field after she's done her homework and having her practice tossing and catching.  She's improved significantly.   So she was quite ready for this game.  Unfortunately, because the game was on Wednesday, it completely threw off all our routines and she completely forgot to bring her uniform to school.  So as I drove to the game, I received a call from her informing me that she didn't have her uniform.  Luckily, Bill hadn't left the house yet (I was heading over there from work), so he brought her her uniform. When I arrived, Emily was a crying mess.  Not only did she not have her uniform, but somehow she had misplaced her mouth guard and was therefore not able to play in the game. We looked everywhere and retraced her steps but her mouth guard was not to be found.  While retracing her step, her drama teacher introduced herself to me.  She said that she enjoyed having Emily in her drama club and that she didn't want to force anything but she really was encouraging Emily to audition for the school musical. Emily didn't say a whole lot because she was still upset about the lacrosse stuff but I thanked the drama teacher and we went on our way.  We never did find the mouth guard and Emily had to watch the first half of the game from the sidelines.  At the half, one of the other students had a mouth guard that Emily could borrow, so Emily played the entire second half.  And let me say, she did awesome.  She even received a pass like a pro.  Although on offense, she was being obnoxiously (in a good way) defensive as well.  It was awesome to see.  Unfortunately, they still lost the game, but Emily did great.  
After the game, Emily decided that she would sign up to audition.  Her drama teacher was super happy to hear that.  The audition rules state that the student has to sing a song a capella and then do a script reading with another teacher.  Although Emily read that and still signed up (auditions are on Friday), she is still in denial.  You see, Emily refuses to sing.  She doesn't want to sing. Singing is "not her thing".  It's like a Laurel and Hardy routine.  I ask what song she's singing for the audition and she says she's not singing.  Then I tell her, "then you can't audition", to which she says "but I want to be in the musical".  So we'll see what happens.  I honestly couldn't tell you if she's a good singer or not because she doesn't sing.   We'll keep you posted. 
As most of you know, Halloween was on Friday.  Emily was an Egyptian and we met up with her friend from school, Soren (yes a boy but not a boy friend) at Soren's house.  Soren, his sister, a friend of his and Emily, as well as friends of the friends all went trick or treating together.  Emily had a good time.  Soren and his friend kept taking the candy and then wishing the people a Merry Christmas.  Emily, not to be outdone, started saying "Happy Election day" which elicited some unusual and amusing responses from the grownups.  They got a lot of candy and then when we got back to the house, they started bartering amongst each other. 

On Saturday, Emily's school had their 1st annual Fall Festival.  It was basically a school wide festival with carnival style games, booths by the different clubs, food, etc.  Emily had to work at the drama club booth in the morning so Bill and I signed up to volunteer to work for a few hours.  We ended up working the Sumo Wrestling area.  Basically, kids or grownups put on these giant sumo suits and then sumo wrestle.  It was a hot day so I thought most people wouldn't try it.  But the kids were lining up in droves even though it was 3 tickets a pieces (1 ticket = 1 dollar).  It ended up extremely tiring for me, Bill and the other volunteer because any time anybody fell down, we had to pick them up because the suits were so big they couldn't do it on their own.  So we spent 2 hours picking people up every few minutes.  Not only that but Bill was getting parched in the sun since we foolishly didn't put on sunscreen.   It was hilarious to watch though.  Those kids loved getting in those suits and body slamming each other.  So even though it was extremely tiring, it was fun.  After our shift was over, we headed over to the food area and met up with Emily.  We had some gigantic pulled pork sandwiches and listed to the school rock band play well but sing badly.  Emily told us that at her booth, they basically had to play games with people.  The festival had some really interesting things.  Many large inflatable slides, a jousting area, a dunk tank etc.  Emily jousted against Bill and against Soren.  That's where you stand on a pedestal and try to knock each other off using giant inflatable Q-tip looking things.  Anyhow, fun was had by all.  At the end of the festival, Bill asked Emily if she had a good time.  Emily said yes.  At that point, Bill and I alerted the authorities that clearly we had lost our child and needed to find the REAL Emily.  An Emily that is enjoying things is an insult to the natural ways of the universe. 

As for me, things at work are still going well.  This week, we have visitors coming in from Florida.  We are expanding our facilities and building a new hatchery in Florida of all places.  So we are having a planning meeting.  Bill's job is also going well.  He keeps getting hounded by the diving boat though who is complaining that he doesn't go diving enough.  Poor guy. And lastly, we are still mourning over the World Series loss for the Rays.  They gave a valiant attempt but it just wasn't enough :( 

So that's about it for this week.  A slightly shorter email than usual.  It is hard to believe that we've been here for almost 6 months now.  Little by little, we are adjusting.  I hope everybody has a great week and either celebrates or mourns today's events. Regardless of what happens, it will be historic!

And for your viewing pleasure, I've attached several pictures of us at the fall festival (Emily working, Emily jousting, and me working the Sumo ring).  There is also a picture of Emily in her costume.  Have a great day!

Hello again everyone!  It's that time again, time to delight and amaze you with tales of the Kellers.  

Some of you already know this and some of you could care less, but the World Series is this week.  We have been watching every game here at the Keller manor because we are rooting for our former team the Tampa Bay Rays!!!  It is unbelievable that they are in the World Series.  We would have laughed if anyone had predicted that a year ago.  After all, they were the worst team in the league last year.  I remember we went to a Rays-Red Sox game once.  Even though it was a home game IN St. Petersburg the Red Sox fans outnumbered the Rays fans by 10-1.  And Tropicana field was a barren wasteland when it came to fans.  In fact a year or two ago they changed the rules so that parking was free and you could bring in outside food and drinks, in the hopes that more people would go to the games.  Well here we are a year later and what a difference!  Although we have been to a San Diego Padres game, we can't help but root for the Rays.  Unfortunately as I write this, the Rays are down 2 games to 1 to the Phillies and game 4 isn't looking good.  But there is still a lot of playing left and we are hoping for the best.  We don't have a cowbell (which the Rays fans have in the stands), but I have an iphone application that plays the sound of a cowbell.  So we've gotten into the habit of playing the cowbell sounds whenever the Rays do something good.  We are glad that we are on the West coast though since game 3 was played till 2 in the morning eastern time!! It wasn't too bad staying up till 11 to watch it, but I would definitely not have stayed up until 2!  I hope everyone will be rooting for the Rays!!! 

In lacrosse news, I was really upset when I got an email from Emily's coach this week.  It turns out that due to the large number of players (9!) that couldn't make it to the lacrosse game this Saturday; she had to cancel the whole thing.  And the week before hand, they also had a lot of players that didn't make the game.  That just completely ticked me off.  It seems terribly disrespectful and irresponsible to the players that show up and the other team to NOT show up for games.  I don't know the reason for the absences but I don't believe that all 9 players have reasonable legitimate excuses.  And I blame the parents not the students.  I emailed the coach to see what was going to be done to prevent this from happening in the future.  In my opinion, if the kids can't make it to the game then they don't need to be playing the sport.  That really really ticked me off.  The coach emailed me and agreed and said she was looking into what she can do to prevent problems like this in the future.  I certainly hope so.  Plus she also informed me that San Diego County is the only county in the COUNTRY that plays lacrosse in the fall.  I guess all the coaches are voting to move it to the spring.  So they will also have a spring season.  So for that reason, I don't have any updates on Emily's lacrosse season. 

The most amazing thing happened this week.  Yes…after months of discussing it, fears of it happening, and worries of what may be….I actually went INTO the Pacific Ocean this Saturday!  And apparently I survived!  So here's how it happened. 

Emily and I decided to take surfing lessons.  Well actually, I decided to take surfing lessons and take Emily with me.  Emily gave her seal of approval by NOT complaining about it or saying she didn't want to do it.  Well…actually on the day OF the surfing, she started that but by that time, the lessons were bought and paid for and there was no backing out.   Since Emily and I would be doing that, Bill took advantage of doing some dives.  He left the house super early on Saturday.  That morning I got word from my job that one of the adult halibut had been found dead.  They wanted to know what I wanted them to do.  Since I had to go to the area anyhow for the surfing lessons, I told them that I would be there later that morning to do the necropsy.  I woke up Emily (who promptly began the I don't wanna go surfing routine) and told her that we had to stop by my job first.  We got our stuff ready and headed out.  We arrived at my job at about 11 and we had to be at the surfing place (about a 15 minute drive from my job) at 1230 to sign in.  

Emily is a great necropsy assistant.  She's seen countless necropsies of all sorts of animals.  She helped me label my samples and took notes for me.  But I guess it took me a lot longer to do the necropsy and clean up than I was thinking.  As we were about to head out I took a look at my phone and freaked out when I saw that it was 1221.  So we rushed out of there and sped over to La Jolla which is where our lessons took place.  We had to sign in at the surf shop first and then walk over to the beach area for the lessons which started at 1pm.  To make the long story short, we made it to the beach just as introductions were taking place.  We got a very brief introduction to the surf board and how to "pop up" once you've got a wave.  When you're on your stomach on the board and then you pop up, you tend to automatically put one foot forward and one foot back.  If you have your right foot back you are a "normal footer".  If you have your left foot back you are a "goofy footer".  When we first tried it on land in practice it turns out Emily is normal and I am goofy.  She now has proof!  

After our practice on land it was time to head out to the waves.  The day was perfect for lessons.  The waves weren't crazy but were respectable, and the weather was beautiful.  Emily was really not wanting to go in the cold water but the lessons included a wet suit so I assured her that although the water would feel cold at the start, she would warm up quick.  Unfortunately, once we hit the point in the water where the waves were breaking Emily freaked out.  I had her write her point of view on the experience. 

We went surfing yesterday, and I did not like it. I can't see the appeal in it. I don't like the waves until they break. I am all for calm water. And the whole Galena River Rafting Incident did not really help with that, which is why as soon as I messed up and was underwater, I wanted to stop. However, I had some enthusiasm digging holes in the sand. The sand in the water is strange because there are small oscillating particles which look like flakes of gold. 

As she stated, she really didn't like the breaking waves.  The instructor was great with her though, and just had her surf on the board on her stomach in the very shallow area.  So Emily just walked to where she was comfortable and then got on the board.  Then the waves would take her in.  She did several runs until one of them had her underwater.  She freaked out again and I knew she was done for.  As for me, I went in a bit farther while Emily was shallow surfing.  My first try was miserable and I did a "pearl dive" which is where you are too far forward on the board and end up going in the water head first.  The bad thing about that is that usually the board ends up falling on top of you.  The next attempts went a bit better.  I was brave enough to kneel on the board a few times.  On my very last attempt I actually got off my knees but I still wasn't brave enough to take my hands off the board.  So I probably looked pretty ridiculous but I had a lot of fun.  And as I said, much to my surprise I was not cold.  Emily was in the water for most of the time.  I think I only did 2 or 3 after she retired back to the beach.  So although she makes it sound like she didn't try it too much, she was actually doing a fairly good job "shallow surfing".  But I completely understand about her getting freaked out.  I can't blame her one bit.  I talked to my mom today and she said that none of them have been too keen on going in the water at all since the rafting incident. 

Once we were done, I was STARVING.  I had meant to get a quick lunch beforehand but as I explained, we barely made it to the lessons as it was.  I was planning to go to a local sandwich shop in the area.  As we got in the car, Bill called.  He was done with his dive and was heading home.  Since the dive boat was only a few minutes away from us, we decided to all meet at the sandwich shop for a late lunch.  It turns out Bill had the best dives of his life on Saturday.  He says he saw more life on one of the dives than he has seen on all of his California dives to date.  He also saw some really huge lobsters.  It is lobster season so I hope he gets a fishing license and gets me some lunch sometime! 

So that about sums it up for this week.  I hope everyone has a great week.  Enjoy your Halloween!  That means that candy will be on deep discount in a week!  Woohoo!  Emily will be an Egyptian this Halloween.  She was an Egyptian last Halloween but wanted to do it again.  And since nobody has seen it here (other than us) it will work out just fine. Have a great week everyone and  I'll  email you  in November!

Hello everyone! 

Hopefully all of you have been ignoring your 401k statements and have therefore had an obliviously great week! 

As I mentioned last week, today was Emily's 12 birthday!  We had a great birthday weekend.  On Saturday, Emily's lacrosse team had a home game at 9 am.  It was made difficult because Emily has also signed up for something called the Science Olympiad.  It's basically where schools in the county (public and private) form teams that study/research/plan on the topic of their choice (they have a list to choose from).  Then they compete county wide in their chosen topic.  It's primarily parent run, meaning that the parents volunteer as coaches for the teams and help the students prepare in their topic.  The reason I bring this up is because the first meeting for the science Olympiad was also on Saturday at 9 am.  So Bill and I brought her up to her school and I planned to attend the orientation meeting while Bill watched the game.  Once we got there, we learned that the coach of her team needed some parent volunteers to help keep the time clock and the score board.  I couldn't help since I had to leave but Bill got suckered in to keeping the time clock.  So he had to go to the other side of the field while I remained on the parent side (until the game started).  As he went over there, the other parents around exclaimed (jokingly) that it wasn't fair that now he would understand the rules and would therefore explain it to me, when they still couldn't understand what was going on!  I feel glad that I'm not the only one WAY confused with the way lacrosse works.  So anyhow, Bill hung out with the ref and the coach before the game while I watched the team warm up.  At a little before 9, I went over to the Science Olympiad meeting.  I just got the basic paperwork, and then went back to watch the game. 

Emily's team did awesome this week.  They won 10-5.  Unlike last week, Emily was very offensive this week.  By that I mean she played on the offense.  Rather than the defense.  She was a midfielder which limited her abilities to go over some lines (only adds to the confusion of parents).  So she did get called off sides a few times (as did most of the girls at one point or another).  But she did great.  She was hustling it around the field and even had the ball at one point (she assisted in a point).  This was the first win for the girls' lacrosse team at Pacific Ridge (her school) EVER! That's one of the cool things about her being in a new school is that she is on the first team to ever WIN a game.  All the girls were very excited and congratulated Emily on her performance (a big step up from last week).  So it was a great way to start off the birthday weekend!  After the game, we ran over to the Science Olympiad room so that Emily could look over the options and sign up. 

The Science Olympiad seems really cool.  The teams practice on their own and then have the county competition in February.  The top teams from the county level go on to the state competition, and from there, to Nationals.  The topics are wide and varied, but specified.  Topics include anatomy, bridge building, model plane building, wave physics, experimental design, robotics, trajectory (building a catapult), amphibians and reptiles, fossils, forensics, etc.  The kids look over all the topics and then rank them 1-4 in order of preference.  I was surprised that most of the middle school kids there were boys (and not surprisingly, they all wanted to do the catapult!).  We met the science Olympiad teacher (who's actually a math teacher but merely facilitates the Olympiad process) and she said that Emily has been talking to her since week 1 about being part of the Olympiad and she was very enthusiastic about it.  After going over the topics, Emily ranked her topics as "Wright stuff" (model airplane), Robotics (building a remote control robot to perform a task), Experimental design, and write it do it (a technical writing challenge) 

Bill and I both signed up as coaches.  I signed up to coach Amphibians and Reptiles and Anatomy.  Bill signed up to coach robotics and Wright stuff.  So he will most likely have Emily on his team whereas, I won't.  It was funny to see where the coaches signed up.  There were something like 5 dads that signed up to coach the catapult building topic.  Boys will be boys.  We should know what we'll have to coach and what topics Emily will have in the next few weeks.  It sounds like a lot of fun! 

Although Saturday wasn't officially her birthday, we ended up giving her her presents that day so that she had the weekend to enjoy them.  We got her a scooter (which she's been wanting), although I may have screwed up and gotten a scooter that was too advanced.  I admit my knowledge of scooters is extremely limited.  I ended up getting one that is almost like a skateboard.  It's becoming popular for doing "extreme scooter" stuff and tricks and the like.  I didn't realize most scooters had brakes.  Because this one is more skateboard like, it doesn't.  Therefore, it was a bit difficult for Emily to maneuver around and she was getting nervous on hills.  So I'll probably end up exchanging it for a simpler model.  Since Saturday was celebration day we "OF COURSE" had some Killer Pizza from Mars.  Wouldn't be a celebration without it.  

On Sunday, we invited a few of Emily's friends from school for a birthday celebration at a place called Boomers.  It is a small amusement park type place that has arcade games, laser tag, go karts, bumper boats, mini-golf etc.  It was Emily and 3 of her friends.  They seemed to have a great time.  It was good to not only meet her friends but the parents as well.  They all seemed really nice.  The kids did laser tag a few times, bumper boats, mini golf and go karts.  Emily got a raw deal on the go karts because her car didn't work and she ended up having to be assisted back to the "garage".  But overall it was a good time had by all.  A few pictures from her party can be found here  http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100072  I was pretty tired by the end of the day even though I didn't do much.  That evening we had some birthday cake and ice cream and watched "Kiki's Delivery Service" which Emily also got for her birthday.  It is a very cute Japanese cartoon that I would recommend all of you watch.  It's a cute family film.  And once again, I didn't want to watch this movie either.  Bill and Emily forced me.  On a whole, Japanese anime type films are kind of creepy to me.  But this one was cute.  So this is your assignment for this week.  There will be a test. 

Emily has gotten into a real good school groove.  We got a mid trimester update and she has all A's and B's so she's doing really well.  Parent-teacher conferences were today so Emily didn't have school today.  As Emily puts it, "it stinks that I have to spend my birthday by having my teachers talk smack about me!"  Well, I'm sure she knows that the teachers will only "talk smack" about her if given a reason.  As it so happens, none of the teachers "talked smack" about her.  All of her teachers praised Emily for her hard work and participation.  Her English teacher in particular had high praise for Emily.    She wanted to know if we realized what an amazing writer Emily was.  (These are her words, not the words of a proud parent.)  She stated that Emily's abilities are far superior to 7th grade and that she (the teacher) often shows Emily's work to the other teachers.  She stated that she is extremely gifted in that area and that her vocabulary is fantastic.  At that point, I said "It is quite the paradox to have an offspring with bona fide literary abilities and yet one who not only does not find literature scintillating, but rather finds it vile the cause of much angst."  Actually I didn't say that but I thought it.  But it was something that we discussed with the teacher.  Emily (as you all know from my emails) does NOT want to read and certainly doesn't choose to write.  But clearly, she has great abilities in that regards.  We told the teacher that she doesn't like to read.  The teacher said that Emily has mentioned that but (and this was funny) the teacher just doesn't believe it.  When we got home we told Emily of the high praise.  I recommended that she use her talents more often.  We shall see if that happens.  Since she gets these emails, she's always welcome to comment.  

San Diego weather is interesting.  We are now firmly ensconced in fire season.  The Santa Ana winds are here which is a new experience for us (well at least Emily and me).  Bill lived in California as a kid so he remembers the Santa Ana winds.  And we have fires in the area already.  In fact as Bill and I drove to her school, we saw the huge smoke clouds from the nearby Camp Pendleton fire that's currently burning.  That's about half an hour away from us.  Hopefully fires won't affect us.  The Santa Ana winds also forced the cancellation of some dives on Saturday that Bill was set to do.  

Lastly, I will be commenting on the whole financial debacle.  Quite frankly, I'm fed up with everybody.  Both sides voted for this stupid bail out bill.  They can call it a "rescue plan" to try and make it sound better, but it's just a bail out.  And billions of earmarks were also added which just adds insult to injury.  The media and the politicians kept saying that there was a credit freeze and that if this didn't go through people wouldn't be getting their paychecks etc etc etc.  Well as far as I can tell, no one had been affected by this so called credit freeze.  People that shouldn't be getting credit weren't (finally) and people that could, were.  My coworker is buying a house (and scientists don't make all that much) and when Bill deposited money at the bank, they even asked if he wanted to open a business credit card account.  Car company commercials are still obnoxious and still offering credit.  As one car seller put it "if I don't find a way to help you buy a car, you won't buy a car, and I need you to buy."  In the end, we have made a giant move towards socialism and the whole thing makes me sick to my stomach.  We had a long conversation in the Keller household about what country we should move to since we're fed up with this one.  If we are in a socialist country anyway, maybe we should move to one that at least admits to it.  Bill made a big plea for New Zealand since it was kind of like Australia but not as mainstream.  I felt that New Zealand was too cold and preferred just Australia.  South Africa was thrown out as an option as well.  Even Iceland and Greenland were thrown into the mix.  In the end, we decided that Japan would work out best.  Emily was enthused about moving to Japan.  Apparently she doesn't remember how stressful moves are.  And since I don't have a job in Japan, I don't think that will happen.  But suffice it to say, we are fed up.  I am voting strictly Libertarian on my ballot.  Heck I'm in California.  If I were to vote for anyone BUT Obama, it wouldn't matter anyhow.  But I highly recommend everybody just kick ALL the politicians out and put some new blood in there.  They've gone insane and they are using your money to do it. 

Well that's about it for me.  Hope you all enjoyed your Columbus Day!  Don't forget about your assignment this week.  I look forward to hearing from you all!
Hello again everyone! 

Well it's been another interesting week for the Keller clan.  I hope everyone else has had a great week. 

Emily is getting into a good school groove.  She's done a good job of writing her assignments down and has been proactively getting her stuff done.  She's much happier in her Algebra class compared to the Pre-Algebra class.  But she still says that school is monotonous.  Well, I can't expect her to actually be HAPPY about school!  But overall things seem to be going well. 

Her first lacrosse game was this weekend.  As I said before, I had absolutely no idea what to expect.  The game was in San Diego proper so it was a little bit of a drive.  There aren't a lot of middle school lacrosse teams to play against, so they've incorporated a season that includes not only other schools but also independent local teams as well.  The first game was against one of the neighborhood type teams.  Those teams have slightly different rules.  Basically, lacrosse can get pretty physical.  The girls carry around sticks that have a net at the end.  They wear facemasks and have mouth guards because some rules allow "checking" which is basically getting physical when trying to get the ball and can result in getting hit in the face with a stick!  Well their first game was against a "non-checking" team so it was a good team to have a first game against.  I am not completely sure about all the rules involved but I don't feel too guilty.  We met another parent whose daughter played last year.  She STILL doesn't understand all the rules!  Anyhow, Emily did a good job in the game.  She plays for the defense and did a great job of guarding several of the players on the other team.  The ball never got too near her so she didn't see a whole lot of action. 

As a parent, I tried to be supportive and cheer the game.  HOWEVER, the situation was a little interesting.  It just so happens that this weekend, there was an air show at the Miramar Marine Corps Air Station.  The field where the game was played was about 2 miles away from the airfield so there was a plethora of kick butt (I'm being PG for the kids reading this) air vehicles that kept flying by.  We even saw some helicopters performing mid air refueling.  So my attention was half on the show and half on the jets and helicopters flying around.  Emily's team lost but they still made a valiant attempt.  You can see a few photos of her at the game here http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100064 

This weekend, it became very clear that we still have a lot of learning to do about California weather.  I had looked at the forecast in the morning and saw that the temperature was only going to be in the upper 60's.  It had been a hot week but I knew that it was going to cool down.  So being responsible, I dressed appropriately.  I had a long sleeve shirt, a sweatshirt and jeans.  Bill also dressed appropriately in a long sleeve shirt, jeans, but didn't bring a sweatshirt.  Emily had brought a change of clothes for after the game and brought both shorts and jeans.  Well shortly after arriving at the field, I began kicking myself for dressing the way I did.  In Florida, the upper 60's is cool (in my opinion).  But the reason is because the humidity makes it feel a little cooler.  Although the temperature was in the upper 60's, the sun was blazing which made me feel quite hot.  My sweatshirt was off in minutes and I was wishing I was wearing a short sleeve shirt and shorts.  Bill too, was grumbling at bit about the heat.  In fact, even though we had planned to go to the air show after the game, he was seriously considering driving back home (about 35 minutes away) to change into shorts because it was so hot and he didn't want to melt at the air show.  Luckily, there was a very pleasant and cool breeze that made it a little more bearable.  

About midway through the game, clouds got in the way of the sun.  Well that made a huge difference.  All of the sudden not only was I not hot, I was now cold and put my sweatshirt back on.  After the game was over, we got a quick bite to eat and then went to the air show.  Emily had a choice of what to wear and, due to the fact that the sun had returned, opted for shorts.  At my insistence, she brought her sweatshirt to the air show.  

The line to get into the air show was terribly long and we ended up parking just as the Blue Angels were doing their show.  We saw the Blue Angels last year and they were awesome.  They were awesome again this year although we didn't get as good a view.  The air show was divided into different sections and because we got there a bit late, we were only in time to watch the "Twilight show".  The show started in the late afternoon and went on into the night.  We had great seats right up front by the airstrip itself.  By the time the show was getting underway, it was quite cool.  I was cold but that's not surprising.  Emily was wearing shorts and I felt bad for her but she didn't seem all that bothered.  The fact that Bill was saying he was cold was truly telling.  He was wishing he had brought a sweatshirt. 

The show started off awesome with a 747 fly by!  It was a privately owned corporate 747 and it made several low passes which was really pretty cool.  Then there was a father and son team that were flying acrobatic biplanes.  They did some pretty amazing tricks and it was quite entertaining.  Then the cool stuff started coming.  We had a front row view of a Harrier jet performing takeoffs, landings, and hovering.  For those of you who don't know about Harrier jets, you really need to learn! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AV-8B_Harrier_II  It has awesome hovering abilities and the pilot showed how the plane could hover and then spin around while in place.  Totally awesome!   For those of you that watched True Lies with Arnold Schwarzenegger (our governator), he flew a Harrier jet in the movie.  Next up was this regular pickup truck that had a jet engine(!) retrofitted on the back so the thing went 300 mph down the runway!  That was awesome as well.  Then the show kind of took a downhill turn.  The sun had set by then and the weather was turning.  The Golden Knights (the army parachute team) went up to do a performance but had to delay it due to the weather.  In the mean time, we saw "Fat Albert" the transport plane of the "Blue Angels" show some of the tricks it had up its sleeves.  It was impressive.  It showed a short runway takeoff and landing which were way more impressive to see than what I can make it sound here in this email.  Unfortunately, while up in the air, it reported that the ceiling had dropped significantly.  The parachute team had to return to the ground due to the weather.  So the overall show was delayed slightly while they scrambled to figure out who COULD perform next.  Well as the next plane went up, it began to sprinkle.  The cold night air in conjunction with the sprinkles was a little much.  Then it began to flat out rain.  That was it.  We had to leave and most of the people present made the same decision.  It was disappointing, but as we left, it was clear that most of the rest of the performances had been scrapped because they were already putting on the fireworks display as we walked to our car.  Let me tell you, we were SO cold and then the rain only made it worse.  Emily's hands were frozen.  Once we got home, I made some hot chocolate for the girl and I and we all snuggled up on the couch and watched Monsters Inc.  Not as cool as Harrier jets but quite entertaining nonetheless. 

For those of you who are not aware, Emily's birthday is this weekend (Monday October 13th actually).  After discussing options with her, we decided to keep it small this year.  First of all, she doesn't really know many of the kids and once you get to 7th grade, you can't really just invite a bunch of people and expect everyone to just get along and play.  Usually they end up splitting up into already existent cliques rather than staying together.  So we've just invited 3 of her friends to go to a local amusement park.  I don't think all 3 will be able to make it but we'll have fun nonetheless.  Plus we'll do something family related on Saturday.  

Well that about wraps it up for me this week.  I was TOTALLY disappointed in all of you for not watching Speedracer.  I only received a few responses back on my quiz and ALL of them were from people that live in my same zip code and share my last name!  You'll never know when the next quiz will be coming next, but I certainly hope for a better response!  As always, I look forward to hearing from all of you!

 
 Hello again everyone!
 
My non-blog is a bit late this week.  Sorry about that!
 
As I mentioned in my last email, I went to Sacramento last week for a mandatory course to finalize my veterinary license here in California.  I left Tuesday evening and flew back home on Saturday.  The course was Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, for 9 hours a day.  The people in charge of the course were absolutely ridiculous.  We had to sign in and out any time we went on break.  Several people were yelled at for leaving the room briefly during a talk in order to answer a phone call (work related).  We were required to be in the room at all times in order to meet the mandatory 27 hours that was required.  In fact, the last talk on the last day was done one hour early.  Well rather than let us go early, we were forced to sit there for another hour while the course organizer just leisurely repeated a bunch of stuff we already heard.  
 
Luckily for me, nobody had a good attitude about the course, so I had plenty of people to sit and gripe with.  In order to be eligible for this course, all the veterinarians had to have been practicing in another state for at least five years.  So it wasn't like we didn't know any of the stuff they told us anyhow.  Plus, about 85% of the course went over large animal disease stuff (i.e. cows, horses) when 95% of the class were small animal veterinarians.  So throughout the day, I saw many people sleeping, many people reading the newspaper or a magazine, and most messing with their phones (me included).  It was an absolute waste of time and money.  There were about 30 of us there for the course.  Much to my surprise, I actually knew one of the veterinarians there!  I had worked with her one day in Florida.  She was still living in Florida but was planning to move out to California this winter.  It was just weird that with as large a population as there is, I end up meeting someone there that I already knew.  
 
The good thing is that the only thing that was required of us was just to show up.  There were no tests or anything, just a tremendous waste of a week.  The hotel where I was at was in downtown Sacramento, so it would have been interesting to go and see the capital and stuff.  Unfortunately, since we were in class until 6, I didn't have an opportunity to do much of anything.  Plus, I'd much rather explore a town with Bill and Emily along with me so I didn't feel like I was missing out.
On the Emily front, things seem like they are going a long much more smoothly.  Emily has done a great job of writing down her assignments in her agenda book and we are double checking it with what is listed on-line (which is handy).  She seems to be enjoying lacrosse much more than the volleyball.  Her first game is this Saturday so I only have a few days left to figure out what it is that I'll be watching.  Emily plays for the defense.  Bill went to the open house last Thursday.  Unfortunately I couldn't go because I was stuck in Sacramento wasting my life away.  So I "virtually babysat" Emily while he went to the event.  She and I chatted online and watched a show together while he was out.   
Bill said the open house went well.  It is too busy for any parents to sit down and talk with the teachers but he said he was impressed with the way the school is setup.  I guess each grade has an all encompassing theme that they go back to throughout the year.  So rather than her Spanish class being about learning Spanish words and verbs, they simply speak Spanish in the class while discussing or doing projects for other classes.  That way they learn by doing.  I've already seen her learning bones and muscles for science and then getting a handout in Spanish about bones and muscles.  So it has been interesting.  One of the things that we were really unaware of until the open house had to do with her math class.  As I mentioned before, she WAS in Pre-Algebra but took a placement test and was placed into Algebra.  When I had to buy books for her, the choices that came up for 7th grade were either Pre-Algebra or Algebra so I didn't really think anything of it.  However, when Bill sat down for the open house, the teacher started out by saying that the class consisted mainly of 9th graders, although there were a few 8th graders, and one 7th grader in the class.  So that is awesome that (number 1), her previous school prepared her so well, and (number 2), that her current school is willing to make sure to put her where she'll be most stimulated rather than just placing her in "7th grade math".   So we are very proud of her for getting placed in a quite advanced math for her age.  
 
On the economy front, we were one of those people that banked with Washington Mutual.  As soon as I heard that it wasn't doing so hot, we were also one of those people that quickened its demise by pulling out money from our account.  I opened up another account with another bank and switched things over.  It's hard to know what bank to trust anymore.  These days, just because it's FDIC insured doesn't mean anything.  There's not enough money for the FDIC to be able to cover everybody on the off chance that multiple banks start to fail.  This bailout thing is quite the issue.  I'm no economist but I just don't like it.  I keep hearing that it's better to have a soft crash landing rather than a hard crash landing.  I just don't buy it.  I'm not so sure this will even solve the problems they are trying to solve anyhow.  But again, the whole thing is so big it's hard to really grasp what's going on. 
 
On the politics front, I watched the debate on Friday.  It was painful to watch and I couldn't wait for it to be over.  Personally, I thought McCain looked crappy and came off badly.  I though Obama looked better although I completely disagree with everything he says.  Much to my surprise, most pundits felt it was a draw.  I thought neither one of them really answered any questions.  They just went back to their usual talking points.  Especially when the moderator tried to hold their feet to the fire and ask what they would have to remove from their pre-proposed budgets if the bailout goes through.  Neither one of them actually answered the question.  Big shocker there.  That's why I wish the networks would allow some of the third party candidates on the stage.  No, they may not win, but at least they'd fire up the other two and we might actually hear something interesting.  Once again, I can't really stand either one of the candidates.  This was one of the more boring debates that I've watched.  The Palin/Biden debate should be fairly interesting.  She's looked pretty bad recently on some of the interviews that she's done.  I think they've taken the "Sarah Palin" out of "Sarah Palin" in order to make her more PC.  I think that was a bad move and perhaps they'll correct it.  But Biden has also been putting his foot in his mouth more times than a 6 month old baby with a foot fetish, so who knows what'll happen.  Only time will tell. 
 
The last thing for me is to remind you all that I tasked you with the assigment of watching Speed Racer (if you hadn't already).  I warned you that there would be a test.  Well, it's test time.  Your duty is to respond to me with the answer.  If you answer the question correctly (and be honest...no going to IMDB), then you'll get a genuine postcard of San Diego, personally autographed by the Keller clan.  But wait, that's not all!  In addition, the post card will be hand addressed and include a flashy postage stamp that is a genuine United States Post Office issue.  So here is the question.
 
I'm terribly at names so I don't expect you to remember them either.  However, in the movie, Speed teams up with a Japanese driver only to get bamboozled in the end.  Then the Japanese driver's sister gives Speed something to help him out.  What does she give him?  (You don't need to be super specific). 
 
Well that's enough rambling for me.  I can't believe September is almost over!  It went by in a flash.  Well have a great start of October and I look forward to hearing from you all!
 
 Greetings again!  Another week has gone by in a flash!   This week has been rather interesting for the Keller clan.  But I will try to keep the email "relatively" short! 

This week, Bill and I celebrated our 14th wedding anniversary.  Yes, that's right, Bill and I have had to deal with each other for 14 long years!  Hehe.  Just kidding.  It's been mostly good actually.  However, because we still hadn't sold or rented our house yet, it was a fairly low key anniversary celebration.  In fact, we actually went to ….yep….Killer Pizza from Mars!  We were hungry and pizza sounded good.  Besides, it's not like it was a big anniversary.  Maybe we'll do something nice for the 15th.  

The main good thing that happened this week was that after many many long months of waiting, our house in Gainesville has finally been rented.  We would have preferred to have sold it, but in this market, we are happy to have a renter.  And even better, we don't need to worry about the rent check not coming in.  Turns out the lady that rented the house was in an accident and is currently out of work.  Therefore, she had no verifiable source of income.  However, she was willing and able to pay for the entire rent up front.  So there you go.  She'll be there until the summer and we now have a large load off our shoulders.  We didn't get that news until the day after our anniversary.  It was tempting to go BACK to Killer Pizza to celebrate, but we didn't.  We aren't THAT crazy! 

Emily's schooling is, shall we say, a bit turbulent.  It seems that Emily has not been turning in homework and seems tired and sad.  Her teachers are becoming concerned and wanted to make sure everything was fine at home.  So I had a talk with Emily.  Not surprisingly, Emily has been quite homesick.  She loved Florida and misses it desperately.  And it turns out this has really been clouding the way she looks at everything.  I think in many ways she needed to see moving away from Florida as a death.  And she was still in the denial phase.  She seemed to think that maybe, just maybe, we might move back.  My insistence that we were in California to stay was hard for her to hear.  There were many tears but I think she may have moved onto the acceptance phase.  She also seemed to be sure that we were just going to end up moving again soon enough.  Again, I explained that while we certainly may change houses, she wouldn't be changing schools unless something major were to happen.  So her dourness about the whole situation has caused her to be less than careful about writing down homework assignments etc.  And as for the tiredness, there's not much we can do about that.  She blames the cats and she has good reason to.  For whatever reason, Chappy insists on meowling loudly through the house at 3 am every morning without fail.   So needless to say, it was a bit of a rough week but I think it was a needed intervention.  Emily seemed genuinely upset that she was causing her teachers to worry.  So I think it'll work out OK.  In good news, Emily was getting quite frustrated in her Pre-Algebra class.  She was upset because she had already done Pre-Algebra and was having to do everything all over again.  They placed her in the class based on a placement test that they gave over the summer.  Well I guess the teacher paid attention and offered to let Emily take another placement test.  Well she did well enough to get placed into Algebra.  So she is quite happy about that.  As for sports, Emily decided that she would give up volleyball and do lacrosse instead.  She actually seems to be enjoying it.  As I mentioned previously, I really have no idea what lacrosse is, but apparently there is a lot of running involved.  I'm not sure when her first game it, but at that point I guess I have no choice but to hurry up and learn about it! 

This weekend, we took a tour of the USS Midway.  The Midway is an aircraft carrier that was put into commission just after WWII.  It was in service all the way through Desert Storm.  In now sits in San Diego bay and has been modified to serve as a museum.  Bill was the one who really wanted to see it, but both Emily and I really enjoyed it as well.  The tour takes you through the entire ship.  This included visiting interesting areas such as the mess hall, the brig, sick bay, the ready room, the captain's quarters, etc.  The tour took us all inside the ship and we saw the steam engines, the laundry, the kitchen etc.  And then of course, we went up top and saw the flight deck.  They had a bunch of different types of planes and helicopters aboard as well.  The last part of our tour took us up into the "island" which is the tall part of the ship where the captain actually commands the ship and where the flights are directed in and out.  It was a very neat learning experience and pretty cool to see how life aboard an aircraft carrier is. By the end, we were all really pretty tired!  If you're interested in seeing photos from our day, you can find them here  http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn#100056   For those of you who aren't aware, San Diego has a big military presence.  We've got a naval base, an army base and an air force base all nearby.  It's pretty cool because occasionally while I'm driving home I'll get a flyby by some fast planes (I can't identify them while driving but it's still really cool!).  And here at home, it's fairly routine for us to hear the Sikorsky helicopters flying overhead.  

As for me, I will be in Sacramento most of this week.  As I see it, the state of California is perpetrating a grand scam to get more money out of veterinarians.  This is why I say that.  In order for me to practice medicine, I need to get a state license.  Most states have a licensing fee and some have a small exam that usually covers the state laws (because they can differ).  Once that is done, you're good to go.  California, of course, needs to be different.  I was faced with two choices.  I could either take the state boards (for a large fee) and the national boards AGAIN (because it's been over 5 years since I've taken them and oh yeah, there's a large fee for that too), OR, I can take a 5 day California course for one large fee.  Soooo….I am taking the one large course for the large fee.  Luckily, my job is covering the cost, but it is still a gigantic pain in the rear.  I leave Tuesday and will be in class from 9-6 every day until Saturday when I return.  So Bill is going to be single dad for a week.  And unfortunately, this is the week when Emily's school has their parent's open house.  So I will miss that.  This course is only given every 6 months so it's not something I can really delay.  I have no doubt I will be bored to tears so if anyone wants to drop me a text or email, please do so so that I have SOMETHING interesting to do! 

In movie, news, Bill rented Speedracer.  He watched it by himself because neither Emily nor I were interested in watching it.  I'd never seen the cartoon and knew nothing about it other than there was a monkey involved and some guy drives around in a fast car while people sing "Go Speedracer Go!"  However, once he was done, he pretty much bugged us until we decided to watch it.  Well it turns out I'm glad he bugged us.  It was a pretty cute movie.  If anyone wants an interesting cute, family friendly movie that has a lot of cool racing, then this is the movie for you.  Apparently it was a bomb at the box office which is too bad. It was quite enjoyable.  I insist that if you haven't seen it yet, that you do so this week!  There will be a test next week so you'd better study!

Well that's about it for me.  I hope you all have a great week and I'll be in touch soon enough!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope everyone had a great week!

Emily had her first full week of school.  It's going pretty good.  She's got some regular friends that she talks to and she's been getting used to the schedule.  She decided in the summer that she wanted to do volleyball.  She played volleyball last year and enjoyed it.  So for the last week and a half, she's been practicing.  Well they had tryouts and she was put on the "B" team rather than the "A" team and she's a bit bummed about it.  I told her not to worry about it but she was not too pleased.  Plus, she says that the coaches are very hard on her.  I told her that coaches are often very hard on their players in order to get the best out of them. But in her usual way, she doesn't buy it.  So she's actually thinking about switching to the lacrosse team.  I don't agree with that because she doesn't know anything about lacrosse and is really only trying to switch to get out of a situation she doesn't like with the volleyball.  So we shall see what happens.  In the interim, I have been going with her after I get home to a nearby park so she can practice volleying and serving to me.  Personally, I hope she sticks with volleyball.  Not only do I think she'd enjoy it more, but I've never seen a lacrosse game in my life and I'd much rather root for volleyball!

On the sports front, it's down to the final races in the NASCAR season.  Most of you should know that we are big NASCAR fans but for those of you that don't….well…..now you do.  We haven't watched as many races this season as usual because we are still getting used to the whole "Pacific time "issue.  I'm used to turning on the TV on Sunday around 3 or 4 in order to watch the race.  Now, when I think about it at 3 or 4, I've MISSED the whole race!  So it's been a little difficult to keep track.  But thankfully, all of our favorite drivers are in the finals.  I will try to keep better track of the finals since now it's down to the wire.  It's going to be weird not being there live for the final race.  It is always held in Miami and we used to go down every November for the weekend.  It was a great race and the weather was awesome.  And we usually did something fun while down there.  Now that we're on the West coast, we're going to have to go to some of the West coast races!

In animal news, I've started taking my dog Foofer on runs with me.  I initially thought that she'd get worn out pretty quick because she's such a lard butt.  However, she's actually done really well.  It turns out the speed of my jog only causes her to walk very fast so it's not as big a workout for her as I was thinking.  And it's actually been helping me out too.  When we are jogging uphill, I tend to slow down and get tired (no surprise there).  She'll actually start to go faster than me and help pull me along.  She's not very good on a leash though so that has been a struggle.  Anytime we pass anybody with a dog, then I'm not only jogging, but playing tug-o-war as well.  But every time we go she gets a little better.  And usually by the end, she's tuckered out and walking very well next to me and giving me no problems.  Bill has been running too but he usually ends up running on the same days I do so he doesn't take her.  I feel bad for my other dog Nina though.  She's 13 and just too old to go the distance.  But she whimpers at the window the entire time that I'm gone (from what Emily and Bill say).  So I feel guilty about it but what can I do!

In politics news, the news is that I won't have a rant at the end of this email!  I was a bit drained from all the conventions so I didn't pay much attention to the news this week.  However, I did see the clips of Tina Fey from SNL on Saturday and she makes a great Sarah Palin!  I look forward to seeing more of that!  And speaking of shows, it's nice that all the shows are starting up again.  I am especially looking forward to Pushing Daisies, which, if you haven't seen, I highly recommend.  It's on ABC.  It's great for adults and kids alike.  It's quite unusual and refreshing.  That's my recommendation of the week.

In my job news, things are really getting quite busy.  It seems I have a bad habit of looking for problems and then ending up finding them.  Then that just means that I end up having problems to solve!  Well it turns out that in doing routine checks, I discovered that our broodstock (the adult fish) were infected with gill flukes.  These are little external parasites that live on the gills of fish and can drain their blood if in large enough numbers.  Unfortunately, the logistics of treating the fish are enorrmous  and we have been unable to do so yet.  Now it has spread to some of our younger fish and they are starting to die off in low but significant numbers.  So that's my main issue right now.  The reason for the huge logistical problem is that in order to treat them, we need to move them to a treatment tank, and then air dry any and all tanks that they were in to start with.  So it's like musical chairs but with fish.  And these are large (nearly 40lb fish) each in a tank that is about 38,000 gallons.  So it's a bit of a challenge.  But we're working through it.  It should be an interesting month!

Well that's about it for me.  Thanks to all of you who emailed me to tell me that you actually read my paper.  I'm quite impressed!  I hope you all have a great week and I'll be in touch soon!

 Hello again everyone!  Hope you are all doing well!

We continue to be doing well here in sunny California.  As you know, this was a big week for Emily, because she finally started school again.  The school that she is going to has only been in existence for one year, so they are going through some growing pains.  They started out last year with only grades 7 and 9.  This year, they'll have the same students (obviously now in 8th and 10th) and then they added more 7th and 9th graders.  It's kind of cool that she's at the start of the growth of her school.  It'll be interesting to see how things develop and traditions form. 

Anyhow, she started school on Wednesday.  That morning, before I left for work (Bill dropped her off), I wished her a horrible, awful, terrible day.  She said "I'm sure it will be."  To which I responded "I know!  That's why I wished it!"  She's such a positive child!  Anyhow, I ended up picking her up from school that first day.  The only complaint that she had was that it was boring because the only thing they did was talk about stuff and give out the syllabus.  In my book, that's a successful day since she didn't have any complaints.  Thursday and Friday they got a little more into the groove of things, but they are still learning the ropes.  I don't remember if I described her school previously, so if I'm repeating things, then my apologies.  But one of the reasons why we chose this school for her (it's a private school), is because they teach all their classes around a conference table.  Well, that is one of the things that Emily says feels "unnatural".  I guess all the kids have become so accustomed to raising their hand to speak, that now that they are being told to just chime in when they have a comment, they are finding it really weird.  I have no doubt that the kids will warm up to it soon enough.  One of the mandatory things that the school requires is this topic called "wheel".  They call it that because the actual subject that they do rotates throughout the year.  At the moment, they are doing dance.  They get bussed to a local dance studio for their class.  Emily hates it (of course).  I reminded her that she used to do ballet and tap when she was little.  She says she knows but she doesn't remember anything anyway and she still doesn't like it.  So there you are.  She likes to talk, but talking is unnatural.  She once begged me for dance classes and now she hates dance.  On the plus side, she's impressed with the length of the lunch time!  We shall see how the first FULL week of school goes. 

As for me, as you can already guess, most of my time was spent watching the Republican National Convention.  And once again, I'll leave my ranting and raving for the end of the email in case you are interested. Just like the Democratic one, I didn't watch every Joe Blow tell me how great John McCain was.  I don't have that kind of time, and trying to squeeze in convention watching and my triathlon training was a challenge enough!  Now that the conventions are over, training will be a little easier.  The triathlon that I had considered a possibility is in early October.  At this point, I know that I will not be sufficiently prepared for it.  There is one final triathlon in December that I may work towards.  Otherwise, I'll just continue my training and I'll be ready for battle starting next spring once triathlon season gets going again.  Emily isn't training with me like she did before.  She's decided she doesn't like it.  So when I go to do laps at the pool, she just swims for fun.  Poor thing, her mom forces her to go swimming at least 3 times a week.  Unfortunately for us, our local pool is under construction, so we have to drive about 20 miles to go to the nearest one.  They say our local pool will be done this winter. 

An interesting note on my end is that I received an email today from a fellow scientist in Texas.  He was asking me for a PDF copy of my recently published article about two manatees with kidney pathology.  This was surprising to me since I did not even realize my article had been published!!  Needless to say, I looked it up and sure enough, it was published in July.  Now, don't get me wrong, I knew it had already been ACCEPTED for publication, but I hadn't received any word about it finally getting done.  I think the move may have prevented me from receiving the actual journal in a hard copy format.  So although it's several months late, I'd like to announce to everyone that my article has been published and is available for you all to read since I attached it to this email!  I am SURE that most of you don't care a spit about the topic so I don't expect ANY of you to read it in its entirety (except maybe my mom because moms do that sort of thing).  But I'm happy to see it finally done (it took forever) and therefore am forcing it on you all (the unsuspecting public).  It was published in the Journal of Wildlife Diseases which I'm sure most of you are regular subscribers to.

In other, kind of interesting, kind of not news… On our way home from swimming, Emily and I saw a little puppy running around our neighborhood.  Having lost animals before and having been lucky enough to find them again thanks to the kindness of others, I always make sure to stop if I can and get the lost dog or cat.  The puppy was REALLY cute and friendly and had a collar with an AKC ID number.  I called the number and the operator said she'd try to call the owner.  Turns out the owner lived in Oceanside which is about 30 minutes away from our house!  So I wasn't sure how the dog ended up in our neighborhood.  The operator called me back a few minutes later to let me know that she was trying to get a hold of the owner but she only had one number and there wasn't an answering machine.  After about an hour, Bill suggested that I go back to where I found the dog to see if someone was looking for her. Sure enough, there was a guy looking despondent walking up and down the sidewalk.  I asked him if he was looking for a dog and he certainly was.  Turns out, he was dog sitting and was freaking out about having lost the dog.   So all's well that ends well.  The dog was returned to the dog sitter and we were free from having to watch a puppy.  They are cute little things but GOSH darn annoying for long periods of time!

So that's about it for me for this week.  All, a fairly short email for me.  I will continue to watch the weather this week.  I think hurricane Ike will bypass Florida but there's always another storm waiting in the wings.  I can't wait until hurricane season is over!   Anyhow, as I mentioned, if you want to read my rantings about the RNC (the LONG part of this email) then continue reading.  My email last week certainly sparked some interesting email responses.  They were interesting and I loved hearing from all of you!  I'm glad that at least some people are thinking about things!  I'm also glad that I've hidden the email addresses of everyone on bcc because some of the emails were a bit fiery!  But I like that.  I just don't want to be the cause of an all out email war between my family and friends!  Anyhow, have a great week and I'll be in touch soon enough!

 

Martha (and Bill and Emily)

 

REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION 

Overall, I thought the Republican Convention had a very different feel from the Democratic one.  First, it seemed like the Democrats were just plain angry and bitter.  There was a general negative aura around all the speakers.  They just seemed mad!  Now granted, they haven't had the presidency for the last 8 years and they think Bush is the antichrist, but still, they DO have control of the Congress after all.  So it's not like they can't get ANYTHING done.  The president can't do anything without the Congress and vice versa.  Maybe I see it differently than others but I just got a negative pessimistic vibe from the Democratic convention.  Even Obama's speech was mainly about how bad it is and how we can hope for change that it'll get better.  The Republican convention seemed different.    Now granted, they are trying to paint everything in a golden shimmering light to make everyone think that everything is great.  Obviously it is not, but still, you catch more flies with honey than vinegar (as the old saying goes).  So I think the Republicans won in terms of overall "aura" appeal.

As for substance, it was fairly lacking as well.  Fred Thompson's speech was pretty good, but he made me mad by saying something about "if we need to drain the swamp and get rid of alligators then so be it." As someone who's worked in the Everglades and worked with alligators, that kind of talk ticks me off.  I do not consider myself an environmentalist.  I don't think that the needs of animals and plants should always outweigh the needs of people.  But I do think there is a happy medium we can hope to achieve. And talk like that is just arrogant and certainly won't do a lot to convince people that the Republicans actually care about the environment.  I really liked Juliani's speech.  I was a Rudy fan from the start so it was good to see him again.  I think he had a good point when he compared the DNC to the RNC.  There WAS no mention of Islamic terrorism at the Democratic convention.  Whatever you may think of the war and what the country should be doing about it, it doesn't change the fact that we WERE attacked on 9/11 and there are still groups that want to continue doing so.  The Democratic convention focused primarily on domestic issues such as healthcare, taxes, immigration etc and also told us how much they support the troops.  But there was no mention of US threats and I think that's an important point.  Of the many issues out there, I think National security is MY highest (you may think differently).  Therefore, in this regard, as much as many things annoy me about the Republicans, I certainly lean towards them because of that. 

Sarah Palin was certainly the story of the week.  When I heard McCain had picked her I was ticked off.  It was a "gimmick" pick if I ever saw one.  HOWEVER, I think it was a smart, well thought out gimmick pick.  And despite my initial annoyance, I've grown to like her.  And I still can't stand McCain.  But what I found despicable was the way the talking heads were going after her after her speech.  As I said before, I watch the conventions on C-Span so I don't hear the talking heads all the time.  But after the main speech, I always start flipping around to see what CNN, Fox news, MSNBC etc are saying.  I can't tell you how many times I heard the "it was a good speech which she read off the teleprompter" and "they wrote her a good speech" Come on!  Obama read his speech off the teleprompter and his speech was also written for him.  That just seemed like SUCH a cheap shot it was gross.  If you have arguments with the substance of the speech then let's hear it.  Otherwise, that's just crap reporting if I ever heard any.  And the reporting has only gotten worse.  Feminists, the women who claim they are for forwarding the role of women have been attacking her because she's not a Democrat.  I would have hoped they would have supported her despite their differences.  They don't have to agree with her, but they have come out with such vitriol for her that it's remarkable to watch.  The media keeps pounding the point about her being a small town mayor and downplaying the fact that she is Alaska's governor.  They keep talking about her inexperience and that she doesn't have any foreign policy experience as governor.  I don't remember Bill Clinton having a lot of foreign policy experience either when he was running for PRESIDENT.  After all, he was the governor of a small state in the middle of the country with no need to talk to ANY other countries.  There is definitely a double standard going on and it is interesting if nothing else.

For example, I was watching MSNBC on Friday which I don't normally do.  I saw this host, Rachel Maddow, who was subbing for Keith Olbermann.  I had never seen this Rachel person before but I could not stop watching her show.  She was SO left wing that it was unbelievable.  The entire show was basically her viewpoints and then her interviewing other people that shared her viewpoints so that they could both talk about how right they were.  And this is valid news?  As I said, I don't normally watch Keith Olbermann so I don't know if his show is touted as news or as an opinion show.  If it's an opinion show then I guess that's fine, I just think it's usually a good idea to bring DIFFERING opinions to the table so as to have a healthy discussion, but I'm a little weird that way.  Anyhow, on this show, she played some clips from both McCain's speech and Palin's speech.  I forget exactly the things that they had stated, but her contention was that their so called facts were in fact false.  And since they were false, she wasn't going to beat around the bush about it, so she called them lies and called McCain and Palin liars.  She went through several points and said, "that's a lie", "that's a lie", "that's a lie".  Well this was certainly interesting to me.  I haven't yet done my homework on all of these facts and if they were in fact false, I was looking forward to hearing the other side of the story.  However, the odd thing was that she never remotely went into why they were lies or what the actual truth was!  She just called them liars, talked to some guest about how McCain and Palin were liars, and then went on to other things.  Umm…HELLO!  If I were trying to make a point, I would actually try and educate the viewing public on what the truth actually was.  So the statements were lies?  Great!  Tell me what the truth is then.  I'd really truly like to know!  Am I just supposed to believe Rachel Maddow over John McCain because she's a Democrat rather than a Republican?  Does this make sense to anyone or am I just expecting too much?!  Well ironically enough, both Chris Matthews and Keith Olbermann have been "demoted" shall we say.  I guess even MSNBC saw that their "reporting" was a bit too slanted and should be better used for political COMMENTARY rather than political REPORTING.  That's fine by me. 

This double standard has been going both ways however.  The right wing talk show hosts seem to have taken a blind eye to the unmarried pregnant daughter issue.  I have no doubt that if the shoe were on the other foot, they'd be high and mighty about how this is a bad model for our young American girls.  To their credit, a few haven't and are now fed up with both sides (join the club!).  But I do think that it shouldn't be an issue.

So in the end, I am ending up on McCain's side.  I don't like the guy at all.  I didn't like him before the convention and I don't like him now.  And I'm certainly not a big fan of the Bush administration.  I was going to just be gung ho for Bob Barr (the libertarian candidate).  That way he could get 6 votes for the election rather than 5.  But admittedly, Sarah Palin has changed my mind.  I keep reminding myself that she's JUST the vice presidential candidate and not the presidential candidate, so maybe not much will change.  And I may still change my mind again before November.  I am, after all, a registered libertarian.    But Sarah certainly has breathed some life into the McCain campaign.  We shall see how things progress. 

 

Thanks for hearing this week's rants.  I'm sure more are coming soon!
Happy post Labor Day everyone!  For those of you in Brazil…happy Tuesday!

Summer is typically thought of as being from Memorial Day to Labor Day.  It's nice to think back to Memorial Day (frantically moving furniture into a truck in Florida) and compare it to now.  We didn't do much this Labor day (hanging out and having a family cookout in the backyard) but it certainly didn't  involve moving furniture, I can tell you that much!

So as promised, I watched as much as possible of the Democratic National convention.  I set it to tape but I didn't watch EACH and EVERY single Joe Blow talk about why we should vote for Obama.  Especially since I have triathlon training and stuff.  But I did watch a lot.  As I mentioned last time, I was looking for substance.  Unfortunately, but not surprisingly, I found none.  Apparently, Obama gives people hope and they hope for change.  But the specifics are a bit murky and no one seems to notice or care.  All the Democrats just spoke about how we need a change and Obama is that change.  Well… OK.  But what will he do?  When it was finally his turn to speak, he gave some specifics, but they really didn't make sense to me.  As for Obama's pick for VP, it seems like an OK choice, but a very "safe "one.  Biden was actually my favorite guy to watch during the debates, so the Vice presidential debate should be very interesting.  Especially given the choice that McCain made for his VP pick.  I was quite surprised (as was everyone) but it was a pleasant surprise.  Sarah Palin seems like an awesome governor and the type of person I would actually vote for for president.  However, she is the VP nominee, NOT the presidential nominee.  And I can't forget that McCain is still on top of the ticket and I really can't stand McCain either.    The news about her daughter was a bit surprising but I don't see it having any lasting effects politically.  I could go on a lot on my soapboxes, but I admit I will get a bit preachy.  Therefore, if you actually WANT to hear my thoughts, I put them at the end of the email.  I love political debates so if anybody wants to respond, feel free.  Otherwise, I'll keep the email free of my political ramblings and concentrate on family news. 

On the Emily front, Emily had her 7th grade orientation this week.  It consisted of dropping her off at school on Tuesday morning and then picking her up on Wednesday afternoon.  They spent the morning just getting acquainted and having lunch, then they packed up on buses and went to a small local mountain community about an hour away.  They did a little project about the town and then did some fun things like rock climbing and hiking.  Emily said she had a good time and met some nice girls.  It is fortunate that everyone is the new kid so that should make finding friends a lot easier.  Yet, despite having a cool school that takes you on overnight field trips before the school year even begins, Emily claims she is not looking forward to school one iota.  This news is not surprising, since she's NEVER been excited (except maybe in Kindergarten).  When we first visited the San Diego area to look at schools, this school was the one that Emily liked the most.  But as she puts it, it's like choosing the best way to die.  You may choose the best, but in the end, you're still going to die.  My daughter is so optimistic and hopeful isn't she?!  But regardless of her mood, she will be starting school on Wednesday.  It will be interesting to see how it goes. 

Bill continues to do work on the side for the dive boat company.  He's gone on many dives and is really enjoying them.  He actually has to turn down offers to go diving for free because he needs to work on other things.  That's a good position to be in!

And I'm sure most of you are aware that hurricane season is really picking up.  Gustav didn't really affect Florida all that much, but Hannah and/or Ike could be different stories.  Did anybody else feel like the media was just chomping at the bit for the levees to fail?  I don't think they really WANTED anybody to have their livelihood wash away, but they just couldn't get enough of the "WILL THEY HOLD?" speculation today!  It was a little ridiculous.  So far they have.  Eventually they may not.  But having the camera fixed on the levees for 8 hours straight was a little crazy if you ask me.  Which you didn't, but I have your attention right now so I'm just telling you.    Not surprisingly, the Gustav action delayed or shrunk the events of the Republican National Convention today.  I can't say that I blame them.  First, it would have seemed insensitive.  But second, no one would be watching ANYHOW since all the cameras were fixed on levees that were working.  So C-SPAN only showed the few things that were required at the convention and then switched to showing a rally of anti-war protesters that were in St. Paul.  According to the news, many of these protesters were arrested because I guess they were causing a disturbance.  I'm not sure if they were the same ones at the rally or not, but I watched a bunch of the speakers at the rally (SEE!  I'm an equal topic listener!).  Needless to say, I was less than impressed with that collection of people (and slightly amused).  Once again, I'd get a little preachy if I said why, so I'll just say why at the end of the email. 

As for news of me, I continue my triathlon training.  It's a little different training in California because of the presence of topography!  In Florida, the only hills around were overpasses on highways.  So it's really weird jogging around this neighborhood where some of the trails have really really steep inclines.  I still haven't really found a good biking trail that I would feel comfortable biking alone so I just have continued to work out at the gym.  Not ideal but nothing ever is.  My swimming is getting a lot better.  That was my weak area at the last triathlon.  I still haven't had the nerve to swim out in the open water yet.  Once my endurance improves a bit more, I will do so.  I have to say though, I'm really starting to like living in California and am enjoying the location of my job.  During my lunch break, I can change into my jogging clothes, take a quick 5 minute drive to Mission beach and jog along the boardwalk.  There, I can enjoy all the classic California sights.  Surfers, rollerbladers, beach volleyball players, and of course, the beautiful California surf.  And even though I'm jogging at high noon in August, the temperature is a lovely mid 70s.  After having jogged at lunch in Florida in March in a muggy 80 degrees, I appreciate the change. 

In animal news, my old cat Chaplin doesn't seem to be doing all that great.  He has a limp on his front right leg.  I have pain meds for him but I don't feel anything wrong.  I took him to the vet (I don't have an x-ray machine where I work) but the vet there felt like he was limping on his rear leg.  She wanted to x-ray both the front and rear.  I only agreed because she was comping the exam fee because I was a fellow vet.  But they weren't able to get the pictures without sedating him (he's not that nice) and I wasn't about to pay 150.00 for sedation alone!  Vets are expensive!!!  So I just left.  Especially since she wasn't even doing a good job of diagnosing his limp.  He is 15 years old.  As long as the pain meds help, which they have, I'll just monitor him.  But once I get a good relationship built up with another clinic, I'll probably go ahead and x-ray him so that I know what's going on.

So this upcoming week will consist of me watching the Republican convention.  I'll probably be preachy in next week's email as well, so you Democrats don't worry!  I complain about both, but not necessarily equally.  Anyhow, have a great week and like I said, if you want to read my peachiness, it continues below.  Bill has also written some of his thoughts down.  You can find it on his blog http://web.mac.com/siebharinn/family/billiblog/billiblog.html

I look forward to hearing from you all!  Have a great week!

 

Martha (and Bill and Emily)

 

DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION THOUGHTS

I had some issues with Obama's speech.  In his speech, Obama claimed he'll lower taxes on 95% of the people but still give them a whole bunch of stuff like nationalized health care and preschool care.  I'm sorry, but even if we took every penny that all the top 5% of wage earners earned, that still wouldn't be enough to cover programs that large.  He says he'll tax "big oil" because they make too much profit.  First of all, how about eliminating or lowering the tax on gas.  For example, in California, there is a .64c per gallon gas tax on top of the national 18c per gallon tax.  For what?  The federal or state governments aren't really doing anything to help get you the gas.  But yet they take 64c a gallon.  Unfortunately, no one seems to get upset with the politicians.  And, as I was explaining to someone else, you can't tax businesses to help people because it doesn't work.  They will just turn around and raise the prices of their products.  And oil companies are certainly making more TOTAL, but their profit margin remains the same (~10%).  Google for example, made 25% profit last year.  The reason why they can be  making more total but having the same profit margin is that oil companies are  more and more limited in where they can drill and how they can get to the oil.  Therefore, they have to spend more and more money to work in harsher environments to get the same result.  Nevertheless, these companies employ a lot of people and give great benefits.  But somehow, they've become demonized and it doesn't make sense.  If you over tax businesses, they just leave and that doesn't help anyone except the country they go to.  I won't even start talking about the nationalized health care issue, otherwise my  fingers would fall off from typing so much.

Despite everything, I can't deny that Obama is a very good speaker.  He is charming and has a way of attracting voters.  But as I heard one pundit say this week, if you are bringing people hope, people will follow Jesus or people will follow Hitler, it doesn't really matter.  Now before I get angry emails, I'm not comparing Obama to either, it's just a way to remember that in history, there have been leaders and those leaders always have followers.  And that certainly applies to both parties.  That's why it's important to really think things through when voting rather than basing it on emotion alone.

 

 

ANTIWAR PROTESTERS

In watching the anti-war protesters, I couldn't help but notice that the stuff they were coming up with was not only ridiculous, but just plain wrong.  One of the things that I heard several people scream (because nobody just stated anything civilly), was that Iraqis were getting killed and that they didn't have potable water and it was all Bush's fault.  First of all, let me address the "it's all Bush's fault" mantra that I hear SO often.  First off, we have 3 branches of government, the legislative, executive, and judicial.  Despite what the politicians may want to claim, Bush did not do anything "on his own".  Congress signed off on war policies also.  So if you are against the war, that's fine, let's just keep the facts straight.  If you want to be upset, then be upset with everyone that took part, don't just blame one guy.  Laws don't get passed without  congress so if you aren't happy with the way things have turned out, you need to look at the whole picture and see who either DIDN'T send up good laws, or who voted for things that ended up screwing things up.

Second, the anti-war crowd seemed to love to describe how awful the Iraqis had it and it was all Bush's fault.  Well it is true that the potable water issue is an issue.  There are many Iraqis without good access to potable water.  However, a recent USA today article noted that the TOTAL amount of people WITH access to potable water is actually higher than before the war started. Once again, I go back to my example of last week, where the facts may be true but the bigger picture is the one you need to watch.   So yes, many Iraqis DON'T have access to potable water but they are better off than before the US arrived. 

Another thing which I admit I found funnier than anything else, was the mix of other things that people were protesting against in addition to the war.  The most amusing was this woman who said she was representing welfare rights and poor people.  She stated that George Bush and John McCain don't care about poor people and that families have to put their kids to bed without knowing if they can pay the rent or have money for groceries.  What was so ironic to me was that this woman must have weighed 300 lbs (no lie) and her son who was next to her was also chubby.  So I'm supposed to believe that this woman is so poor that she worries about having enough money for food, and yet she has enough food to make her and her son very overweight.  I'm sorry, but only in America are fat people considered poor.  That may sound harsh and heartless but enough is enough.  Buying Twinkies and having a cell phone and making sure you have a new pair of Nike's for school are not rights.  They are privileges.  Poor people certainly exist, but she was not one of them.  Welfare should be a safety net for those who have fallen on bad times, but now it's a way for lazy people to get what they want without lifting a finger.  I have personal experience knowing someone that did just that and it's pitiful to see.  So that's my $1.25 worth.  Stay tuned next week for my Republican convention thoughts!

Greetings to you all once again!

Time for me to wow and amaze you with my musings of the week.  Lucky you!

 

So I'm sure it's no surprise to anyone by now, provided that you've actually READ my emails, that I will once again be talking about the Olympics.  Emily really enjoyed the opening ceremonies and enjoyed watching some events, but when she heard the closing ceremonies were upon us, she cheered.  She's very tired of having me watch nothing but the Olympics all month.   Well sadly, it is all over.  I won't be fanatical again until winter of 2010 when the Winter Olympics start up in Vancouver.  Who knows, that's close enough that maybe I could actually ATTEND some events. 

 

Anyhow, since the swimming ended, this week was dominated by track and field.  It was embarrassing to watch BOTH the men's and women's 4 x 100 meter relay teams DROP their batons in the prelims and not even make it to the finals.  Come on!  This can't be the first time you guys have ever done this!  Ugh.  And we were contenders for a medal.  I don't think our guys would have had a chance against the Jamaicans, but I think we could've eked out a medal.  And that brings me to another thought.  How it is that all these small tiny island countries have such fast people?  Jamaica has roughly 2 million people.  The US has roughly 300,000 million people.  Soooooo…..couldn't we find faster people within that 300,000 million?  Seriously!  Most of the track finals were composed of athletes from Jamaica, the US, Bahamas, Trinidad and Tobago (an island), Bermuda, etc.  What's up with that!  Is there something in the Caribbean water giving these guys an edge?  It's just weird.   

Kudos to American Bryan Clay for winning the decathlon and getting the title, "World's greatest athlete" In the short little blurbs about him, he seems like a very nice and decent guy.  But as was discussed with Bill and Emily, I think the term world's greatest athlete is a little presumptuous.  All the decathlon events are basically, run fast, jump high/far and throw things (javelin, discus, shot put) far.  What would be REALLY impressive is to do ten entirely unrelated events and see who comes out on top.  My suggestion would be to start off with a gymnastics vault performed on the 10m diving platform.  Have them run, vault off the platform and perform a 2 ½ somersault with 1 ½ twists into the pool (better be vertical on entry).  Then (since they're in the water ANYWAY), swim a 200 meter breastroke.  Once they're done with that, they'll get out and dry off by running a 5k over to the Bird's nest where they can finish off with the 100m hurdles.  That'd just finish off their day one.  I'd have no problem calling that person the world's greatest athlete. 

Kudos also go out to our amazing beach volleyball teams (sorry Brazil) and our amazing indoor men's volleyball team (again sorry Brazil!).  Unfortunately, our women's indoor volleyball team lost in the gold medal match (Congrats Brazil!).  One interesting thing that I learned this week is that one of my cousin's from Brazil actually played handball in school and liked it!  I was kind of talking about what a weird sport it was in my last email.  Who knew!  That just shows what I know! 

But alas, it's all over now.  The closing ceremonies were good but not nearly as amazing as the opening.  They never are.  It's usually more of just a party.  But before you all think I might actually stop watching TV non-stop, something else is upon us.  The Democratic National Convention!!!

 

There are a couple truisms in life.  One of those is not to discuss religion or politics.  Clearly, I am about to break one of those truisms by discussing my fanatical political TV viewing.  First off, let me be clear.  I am neither a Republican nor a Democrat.  I am in fact, a Libertarian.  What's that you say?!  There are more than 2 parties?  Why yes!  While most people think of political parties in terms of right and left, you should more accurately think of it in terms of 4 quadrants rather than two.  If you have a minute of your life to spare, you can go here http://www.theadvocates.org/quizp/index.html  It is an extremely short 10 question quiz that will tell you where on the quadrant of politics you lie.  Often times, many people align themselves with a party simply because everyone else does, rather than actually thinking about it.  You may be surprised what you end up as after taking the quiz.  In basic terms, Republicans by definition are socially conservative and economically liberal.  Democrats by definition are the opposite, socially liberal and economically conservative.  Libertarians are socially and economically liberal.  Basically, keep the government out of the people's lives and businesses lives, and we will all be fine.  Government doesn't do anything well except for messing things up.  As it is right now (in my opinion), the Democratic Party has moved more towards being socialists rather than the true definition of Democrats.  And the Republicans have (again in my opinion) become socially AND economically conservative.    Therefore, although you'd think I'd agree with both parties half the time, at this point, I really don't agree with either party hardly ever.  BUT, if I had to pick one over the other, I usually end up siding with the Republicans.  But as I know Bill would agree, this year it feels like whether I'm picking evil or the lesser evil.  I can't stand either one of them.

So why! (you might ask) will I be subjecting myself to the Democratic National Convention?  Well, I like to be informed.  And I don't like the talking heads telling me what I'm being informed about, so I tend to watch the conventions on C-Span where there is absolutely no commentary.  That way, I can give an honest opinion (of my own) of what I think each party is bringing to the plate.  I like to look for substance.  I'm not holding my breath for the presence of substance at either convention this year.  But what can I do?  I strongly encourage everyone one of you to NOT pay attention to the talking heads, but actually independently verify anything you hear.  Statistics and polls are very misleading and are meant to persuade people of certain things.  I can state that 62% of dogs that drink city water end up dying.  And that's a true fact.  The other fact of the matter is, is that 100% of dogs die eventually regardless of what kind of water they drink.  But if I just gave you the first fact, you might freak out and switch to bottled water or something (if you liked your dog).  And if I were selling bottled water, that'd be great for me!  So I guess my lesson (and soapbox) is don't believe anything until you have verified it for yourself.  

So anyway, long story short is, I've gone from watching the Olympics 24/7 to the convention 24/7.  Bill will probably refuse to watch any of it because he can't stand either party right now.  I enjoy watching the conventions so it should be a good week.  My triathlon training continues so I'll need to intersperse the watching with the training.

As for Emily, she was invited to 2 end of summer/about to begin school get togethers this week.  The first was at the beach and she met a few of her future classmates there.  The second was held at a future classmate's house.  This "house" would be more adequately described as a compound.  It had its own parking lot for Pete's sake!  When I went to pick her up, I had to wind through the house, go to the back yard, pass the pool and hot tub, go down the property a little bit and find her in the trampoline area.  That was next to the tennis court.    So let's just say it was a largish house.  But she had a good time and met some nice gals.  She will be going on an overnight orientation with all of her classmates this week, so it'll be interesting how that goes.

The last bit of news is that thankfully, the Tropical Storm/Hurricane went a lot more east than originally projected, so it did not cause any issues with our St. Petersburg house.  Since our Gainesville house is unoccupied I still don't know that NOTHING happened there but they certainly didn't get the brunt of the storm.  So crisis averted!

Well I think that's certainly enough rambling from me for this week.  My apologies if I've bored you with political stuff.  Just wait till next week's email!  Well, I guess that's assuming that there will be any substance to talk about.  So maybe I WON'T have anything to talk about next week in terms of the convention.  Anyhow, I hope everyone enjoys the last of their summer.  I look forward to hearing from all of you!

 Hello again everyone!  I hope everyone had a great weekend.  Time again for a Keller family update.

This week really involved just one thing.  The Olympics.  As I mentioned in my email last week, I am an Olympics fanatic.  I have pretty much done little this week other than catch up on my Olympics.  My DVR is set to tape all the Olympics coverage, so I have no lack of material.  And for those of you keeping up with the news, there have been some great battles. 

The first hurray has to go to Michael Phelps for winning 8(!) Gold medals in this Olympics.  If you haven't seen his 100m Butterfly match, that's definitely worth logging on to NBC.com to re-watch.  Absolutely amazing win.  I thought he had lost ¾ of the way through the race, and yet somehow he brought it on.    He's just awesome.   Swimming has certainly dominated the coverage this year so far.  Another big win for the US was our female gymnasts winning Gold and Silver in the individual all around.  With the way the gymnastics meets were going, it was nice to hear something OTHER than the Chinese national anthem in that arena for once!  And of course, we've been really rooting for our beach volleyball team Carrie Walsh and Misty May Treanor.  They are simply AWESOME on the beach volleyball court.  They've been beating teams left and right (sorry Brazil!)  Bill seems to enjoy watching scantily clad, physically fit females jumping around in sand.  It doesn't quite make sense to me why the female beach volleyball players seem to require overall less, and overall tighter fitting clothes than their male counterparts.  Oh well, I'm SURE there must be some scientifically proven reason for the difference in outfits.

Since you are most likely not nearly as sick with Olympic fever as me, you probably didn't experience seeing the first medalist ever come from the country of Togo.  It was in White water kayaking and was quite a treat to watch.  He only got the bronze but he was thrilled with it.  I was enthusiastically rooting for him during his run.  It was kind of amusing because once he won, the announcer asked, "How many of you out there have found yourselves, for the first time in your lives, rooting for Togo?"  Guilty as charged!  Good for Togo.  And for those of you wondering, people from Togo are called Togolese.  For those of you who were not wondering, you still learned something that might earn you $200.00 as a Jeopardy question some day. 

We've also had the opportunity to watch some of the more unusual sports.  We watched trampolining yesterday.  Yes, it's a sport and it's actually pretty cool to watch.  I'm not sure where you become a world-class trampoliner, but you can medal in it now.  Field hockey was on but that just doesn't interest m e all that much.  Neither does water polo but I appreciate the athleticism required.  The event that really had me asking a lot of questions was handball.  I don't think I'd ever really watched a handball team play.  For those of you in the same boat, it's kind of like soccer except you use your hands.  Therefore, it's also like basketball except you don't dribble the ball.  Strange sport.  Where do you become a handball player?  I don't know either. 

One sport that Emily has really gotten into has been badminton.  She has enjoyed badminton since she tried it in her PE class last year.  In fact, for her birthday party last year, we bought a combination volleyball/badminton set.   She and her friends played it on the beach.  Watching Olympic badminton was really interesting.  There hasn't been a lot of televised coverage but we watched the women's singles gold medal match.  It was between China and China.  We were rooting for China but unfortunately, China lost.  But it was still great to see China get a win.  Emily has now decided that she wants to do Olympic badminton.  Yet again, I'm stuck with the question, where do you go to do Olympic badminton?  If Emily persists, I guess I'll find out!

Another event that I recommend you watch on NBC.com, YouTube or whatever, would be the Men's 100m dash.  Usually, the winner of this event is labeled, "The world's fastest man".  We had an American contender, but due to his inability to recover from an injury, he didn't make it to the finals.  What was so amazing about this race though was watching the guy who won.  Usually, these guys shoot off from the gates and run their hearts out for 100 m and win it by a hair.  The guy who won (I won't say who) looked relaxed while he was running and ¾ of the way through was even looking around to see if anyone was around him.  As a result, he actually SLOWED DOWN!  before the end of the race and STILL broke the world's record.  Absolutely amazing.  I hope his drug test comes back clean, that's all I have to say about that!

So what's in store for me next week?  You got it, more Olympics!  Bill is looking forward to more female beach volleyball.  I'm looking forward to more men's diving.  I am of course looking forward to men's diving because of the beauty of the dives and the athleticism of the athletes.  It's simply an unfortunate coincidence that these well-toned athletes have to wear very little during their diving events.  I'm also looking forward to seeing all the wacky track and field events.   Some are cool, others are just weird.  Tell me, what is the point of the steeplechase?  You run over big large hurdles and over water….why?  Why not just do the hurdles or the long jump?  Or, why are we hurling big round metal objects as far as we can?  (That's a reference to the shot put for those of you not as "track and field" savvy).  And while I'm on the subject, did anybody see the female shot-putter athletes?  Whoo!  I'm glad they put on the screen that they were female.  Man!  Those are some tough lookin' ladies.   Phew!  There's a reason why they put female shot-put coverage in their "late-night" edition but the beach volleyball is primetime. 

And before you all are convinced that I am nothing but couch potato, I have finally restarted my triathlon training regimen.  As most of you know, I completed my first triathlon in April.  I wanted to continue my training, but with the move to California being so time-consuming, I just couldn't continue.  Then after arriving here, it took us a while to get settled, organized and on a more or less normal routine.  Well now I've started back up.  Emily did a triathlon in April also, but she's not interested in doing another one.  As I've said in a previous email, it will take me a while to get the nerve to swim in the cold Pacific, so I'm not sure when my next event will be.  There is one in October, but I don't think I can realistically be ready by then.  But we'll see.  My main obstacle is that I don't have a good bike to train on.  I only have a mountain bike and it's not doing so well.  But that's all I used to train last time, so I'll make do.  But if anyone happens to have a good racing bike that is just collecting dust in your house, please put it in an envelope and mail it to me.

Bill had some good fortune this week, but I won't be telling you about it.  He wants to talk about it in his own way on his blog.  So you can go here http://web.mac.com/siebharinn/family/billiblog/billiblog.html  and read about it at your leisure.  It really was a very good stroke of luck.  Emily says it's a good example of capitalism at work.  That's my girl!

Before I go, our only potentially bad news has to do with the weather.  Now, don't get me wrong, California weather has been beautiful.  But as I write this, there is a Tropical Storm Fay churning out just South of Cuba.  And that affects us how?  Well, unfortunately for us, we still own two houses in Florida.  One which is rented in St. Petersburg and one which is empty and for rent and/or sale in Gainesville.  So yes, we have the burden of two mortgages which has not been fun AT ALL.  So finding out that the latest forecast has this Tropical Storm turning into a hurricane and potentially going over not one, but TWO of your properties, is a bit concerning to say the least.  We've been through many storms and know that the tracks often change quite a bit before they hit land, so hopefully the track of this storm will continue to move farther away from Florida.  Even compared to this morning, the track looks more westerly, but we'll just have to wait and see.  Right now, it's forecast to be causing major problems for Florida (if it hits) on Tuesday.  We'll keep our fingers crossed. 

Anyhow, that's about enough rambling for this week.  I love getting your emails.  Many of you have taken to updating me about your lives and they have been both interesting and amusing!  I hope you all have a great week and I'll be bugging you again in about 7 days!

 Well another week has gone by.  I hope everyone had a great week!  It's already almost the middle of August already can you believe it!?

As you all know, Emily came back this week.  It was great to get her back.  I know she had a great time with her cousins, but I also know she was ready to come home.  We had some more Killer Pizza from Mars to celebrate her return.  She regaled us with stories of her time in Missouri.  But she mainly came home eager for us to watch some YouTube videos of a Nintendo game called Pikmin.  Pikmin is a really cute Nintendo game that we have but she didn't really play it all that often.  But while she was with her cousins, she really got into it.  I guess her and her cousins decided to look on YouTube to see if there were any Pikmin things.  Well, there were several YouTube Pikmin parodies that she just couldn't wait to show us.  Well, we finally watched them that evening.  Let's just say that the videos made it clear that there are some 12 year old kids out there with very little talent and a lot of time on their hands.  Now Emily's goal is to make a video that's better than the ones on line.  It should be a very easy task given the competition, but she's also got a lot of creativity as well.  So for the rest of her week, Bill helped her learn how to make Flash videos.  If and when she makes a video, you will all be the third to know (behind me and Bill of course).    

This weekend we ended up with tickets to Legoland California.  Legoland is an amusement park owned by (you guessed it) the Lego company.  The park is located in Carlsbad, California which is just about 30 minutes from our house.  We didn't really know what to expect.  First off, let me say that Legoland is designed for younger kids.  The optimal age they are shooting for is up to 13 years of age.  Therefore, there aren't a lot of thrill rides or huge rollercoasters.  Since Emily doesn't like thrill rides or huge rollercoasters that was actually a good thing.  The park was very pretty and the weather was perfect (this IS California after all).  There were TONS of way cool Lego art items all over the place.  I don't know how you get a job being a Lego model builder, but how cool a job would that be!

Anyhow, the park itself left a lot to be desired.  There were some fun rides, but we ended up waiting in lines for a good part of the day, which sucked.  We went to a show which was kind of cheesy.  Emily said it was a great show if you were a 5 year old.  The rides themselves were OK but certainly not great.  I think the best part of the park was simply looking at the fabulous models that have been built.  They also had an area where you could build Lego cars and then race them against other people.  That was fun.  You had to check out Lego wheels when you first entered the area from an employee and then you could use whatever Lego blocks there to make your car.  Emily checked out some wheels but Bill, of course, is a grown up and not the kind to check out wheels.  Instead, he dug through all of the Lego buckets to find "pseudo-wheels" which are essentially Lego parts that are round and can potentially act as wheels.  Then he used those "pseudo-wheels" to make a car so that he could participate in a race.  He had a hard time finding the parts.  When I asked why he didn't just go check out some wheels, he mumbled something about something and then just kept on building his racecar.  The place was packed with kids large and small all racing their cars.  Not surprising to me, I observed another 30-something male making a car with "pseudo-wheels" and racing it against other cars.  BOYS!!!!  Needless to say, Emily perfected her car to the point where she was pretty much winning all her races.  And Bill's car also ended up winning some races.  I mean his "pseudo-car".  Not that he cared or anything.

The one ride that Emily seemed to enjoy was where kids could drive little electronic Lego cars in a pretend city.  There were stoplights and roads and everything.  She was a great driver but there were several other kids involved in head on collisions due to crazy 7 year old drivers  not adhering to traffic signals and one poor kid couldn't figure out how to make his car go so he just ended up stuck in the middle of the road.  For the price, I don't think Legoland is worth a visit.  Luckily, we didn't have to pay that price.  But if anyone is considering a visit, I think you'd be better off going somewhere else.  Like I said, I think the most interesting part of the park was the fabulous models.  Bill took literally hundreds of pictures of the many Lego models that were present.  Since there are so many pictures, I've once again posted them online so that you can peruse them only if you're interested.  You can find them here http://gallery.me.com/siebharinn

 

The rest of the weekend was fairly low key.  We took the dogs to a local dog park.  We've taken them there a few times before and they seem to have a good time.  Nina is the social butterfly.  She is too old to run around and play a lot so she just walks around wagging her tail and saying hi to all the people.  Foofer has some socialization issues and has a lot of nervous energy.  She runs around and tries to play with other dogs but then seems like she gets nervous that she's left me and then runs back to make sure I'm OK.  She's getting better at just relaxing and having fun, but it's going to take some time.  

For all of you Americans, it's getting close to Back to School time.  For you Brazilians, I don't know what time it is.  End of Winter I guess?  Emily's school doesn't start until the first week of September, so she still has a little bit of time left.  Until then, she is still stuck reading every day.  She was required to read 2 books in particular over the summer for her school.  The Alchemist and Watership Down.  She's finished the Alchemist which I will read this week.  She will be reading Watership Down next.  I've actually never read Watership Down but I've heard it's about rabbits.  How can you go wrong with a book about rabbits?  I look forward to reading it.  And while I'm on the subject, remember when I told you that I forced Emily to sign up for a library summer reading program?  Well the program ended and she ended up winning a prize in the raffle.  She got a swim pass for some place. I'm not sure on the specifics since we haven't gone and picked it up yet.  Emily didn't seem that excited to win.  I think it's because anything that comes from reading is simply a terrible thing in her mind.  As for me, I finished reading the 3rd book in the Dexter series I mentioned previously.  It wasn't as good as the previous but it's still a good series and I look forward to reading more by him. 

The most exciting thing for me this week (other than getting my child back) has been the Olympics.  Ever since Los Angeles in 1984 I have been an Olympics fanatic.  Although I don't usually keep up on the international quadruple men's sculling teams, I certainly find it fascinating during Olympics time.  I have my DVR set to tape anything Olympics related.   If you didn't watch the Opening ceremonies, you missed a fabulous show.  I can't say I'm particularly glad that the Olympics are in China, but they sure know how to put on a great performance.  It had to be the coolest opening ceremonies I've ever seen (and I've seen them ALL since 84, both summer and winter).  Since then I've watched water polo, fencing, basketball, indoor and beach volleyball, swimming, synchronized diving, sculling, gymnastics and cycling.  There's probably even stuff I've watched but forgotten.  Emily asked if I planned on watching the Olympics 24/7.  I wish.  Unfortunately, I have to sleep.  So if you're every wondering "Gee I wonder what Martha is doing right now?" at least for the next week and a half, you can pretty much count on the fact that I'm watching the Olympics.  I would end my email with a strong "Go Team USA!" but since my family also includes Bolivians and Brazilians I'll also say "Go Team Bolivia and Brazil!" (Go for the silver!)  I hope everyone has a great week and I look forward to hearing from you all!

 Welcome to August everyone! 

Well as it is with most people, some weeks are relatively routine, and others are not.  This one has proven to be quite interesting so pull up a chair and let me tell you about our week!

 

In case any of you were wondering, yes, I did feel the earthquake here in San Diego.  Now, it wasn't the first one I ever felt.  When we were visiting Alaska many years ago, we experienced a small earthquake.  We were in our hotel room at the time.  It felt like someone grabbed our room and just started shaking it for a few seconds and then stopped.  We didn't even realize what it was at the time until others were talking to us about it. 

The reason I mention that is because I found it interesting how DIFFERENT this one felt.  I was in a meeting at the time.  It felt like the room we were in had all of the sudden been placed on giant wheels and we were being rolled back and forth.  It was the oddest feeling.  It gave your stomach that "I'm going over a hill really fast" feeling.  And it lasted for quite a while.  We just watched the blinds in the office swaying.  It was certainly stronger in the LA area where it originated.  We never even considered taking cover.  I guess part of my purpose in life has been to experience all of nature's great natural disasters.  I lived for many years in Tornado Alley in Oklahoma and remember vividly taking cover with my baby Emily at the time as an F5 tornado ripped through Oklahoma City and was headed our direction.  Then we moved to Florida where I remember vividly being holed up in our house for days on end as hurricane after hurricane came through the state.  We had trees fall on our property.  So now that we've become experts on those, I guess it was time to head out west and experience earthquakes and wildfires first hand.  Following this logic, our next move will be to some volcanic island! 

Bill on the other hand, did not feel the earthquake.  That's because at the time, he was not on the earth.  He was actually diving in the ocean so missed it completely.  For those of you interested in reading about his diving adventures, you can go to his blog

http://web.me.com/siebharinn/family/billiblog/billiblog.html



As I mentioned in my last email, Bill's friend Blake came to visit us.  It was good to see him and I know he and Bill had a good time diving in California.  Bill used what is called a dry suit rather than a wet suit.  The difference is that you stay dry in the dry suit and have a layer of air between you and the suit and then the water.  It is what is used for extended cold water dives.  Bill is now a big fan of the dry suits.  They are quite costly though so it'll probably be awhile before we switch over to that.  Anyhow, they apparently saw a lot of cool underwater critters.  They also apparently learned that air is a limiting factor when diving.  You'd think two dive masters (that's right 2), would be on top of things enough to "ahem" keep an eye on their O2 levels.  Plus, they also decided to do get some firsthand proof that there is a close association between rocky shores, heavy surge, and danger.  Ah well, all's well that ends well I say.  This coincidentally, leads me to my NEXT topic.

I was alerted to a situation that occurred to my family in Missouri this week.  It was not a good one but it turned out OK in the end.  Apparently, my sister, her 3 kids (13, 10 and 3), Emily (11), my brother and my mother all decided to take a rafting trip on some river in Missouri.  I knew they were going and Emily seemed excited about it.  I've spoken to my mom, my sister, and Emily about the adventure, and Bill also got some details from my brother.  What is interesting is that everyone had their own perspective and memory of the situation.  I guess the adrenaline, fear, and different situations caused very different recollections.  From gathering up the different stories and putting them in a timeline that makes sense, this is what appears to have occurred.

Apparently there were three boats used for this rafting trip.  My sister was with her 3 kids, Emily was with my mom and my brother and the third was holding supplies.  The trip started off great but then went downhill.  What happened was that there was a tree that had fallen down across the river.  The increase in the speed of the current racing to get around and/or under the tree was formidable.  According to Emily she remembers being in the boat one second and the all of the sudden, hanging on a branch screaming the next second, and then being under water unable to breathe.  From what I gather, my mom and my brother were also tossed from the boat.  My brother was carried downstream and was unable to return due to the extremely rapid and strong current.  My mother was also hanging on to a branch and saw Emily trapped under the boat struggling.  She reached out to grab whatever she could get which ended up being Emily's hair, and pulled her up.  Emily recounts having memories of her life flash before her eyes while she was underwater, thinking she was going to die, and saying that getting pulled by her hair was the best feeling in the world.  I guess my mom was only able to pull her up but couldn't do anymore and was having trouble hanging on any longer.  My brother yelled to her to let go and he would catch her further downstream.  My mother did so and my brother caught her downstream.  Unfortunately, Emily still wasn't out of the woods.  When she fell from the boat, her foot had become entangled in the rope of the boat which was probably why she had been trapped underwater.  She was hanging on to the boat the best she could but was trapped and the rope was hurting her foot tremendously. 

Now, my sister was the only one tossed out of her boat.  She posted her version of the incident on her MySpace page, which I have copied and pasted below.

We decided to go float down the river.  We started the float trip and things were going well.  The kids were swimming when the water was calm, and any time we saw faster waters coming, everyone piled into the boats and we rode it out.  It was fun. 

Fun turned to terror when the current pulled us toward a tree that had half fallen and was drooping over the water.  The limbs were dead and rough.  I don't remember getting knocked out of the water, but suddenly I was chasing after the boat.  I didn't know it yet, but my mom, brother and niece were also knocked out of the boat.  My mom saw my niece and her head was under water.  As she was carried by the current, my mom grabbed whatever she could (handful of hair) and yanked my nieces head above water.  I grabbed onto the ropes of the boat.  My kids were screaming.  My three year old son was terrified and in the arms of my 10 year old daughter, Hannah.  

We had been in two separate boats.  All of the members of the other boat were knocked out.  I had been riding with my kids and I was the only one that had been knocked out of our boat.  My kids were safe for the time, but their boat was stuck.  The more immediate problem was my niece.  She was wedged between her empty boat and the one with my kids in it.  Her foot was tangled in the rope and she said that it was hurting her.  The current was raging; the force of the water was incredibly strong!  I was hanging on for dear life to the ropes of the boat, but couldn't pull myself into one.  I looked back and saw my mom and brother fighting the current.  They kept getting knocked back.  I knew then that I was the only adult that was going to be able to help the kids.  There was no way I could let go.  As I write this, I have gashes on my arms and hands, and I'm sore from the effort of fighting the current and hanging onto the boat no matter what.  

My oldest daughter, Erin was able to get her cousins leg untangled.  My niece kept her cool even though she was obviously scared and followed my direction, no questions asked.  I was able to get her shoved back into the second boat.  We were fine for a few minutes and I thought that we would be able to get the boats untangled from the trees and float to safety.  We started trying to get the boats free when suddenly the one that had my three kids in it started to flood with water and sink!  My daughter Hannah that was holding my son went underwater briefly.  My son was freaking out. I yelled to the kids that we had to let go of the boats.  It was important that we all stay together and since the boats were tied together, the first one was starting to drag the second one with it!  In a moment of crisis, my daughter who had been holding her brother the whole time NEVER LET GO of him. 

I swam to grab hold of the kids.  My brother and mom were just downstream and caught the kids and pulled them to safety.  We sat on the banks and the kids were crying.  They were terrified about what had just happened.  The current was too strong and with no boats, we couldn't cross the river.  On the side of the river that we were on, there was just a steep muddy slope.  We tried to find an easier place to climb up, but there wasn't one.  In the end, we climbed (with much difficulty) up the muddy slope which was made worse because it had started raining.  The risk of drowning now over, we now had to find a way to get home.  We crossed through bushes that made our legs itch horribly.  My son and niece both lost their shoes to the suction of the water and had to be carried.  My brother carried my niece and I carried my son.  We finally made it to a field with hay bales and found our way to the road.  We finally knew where we were!  My mom had kept her phone in a Ziploc back and fortunately, it had not gotten wet.  We called my ex-husband and he came and got us.

I'm left with a feeling of thankfulness that we are all ok.  We lost the boats and some of the food that was in them.  My phone met its watery doom.  All of that can be replaced.  My kids often pretend that they don't like each other.  Families sometimes fight.  I'm proud of the love that I saw them display to each other today.  They helped each other.  They saved each other.  No one left anyone behind.  It's a horrible feeling for a parent to have to know that ALL of her children are in danger.  It was made worse by my niece being in the worst danger of all.  I had to put aside my son's cries for me in order to help her.  My daughter was amazing in taking care of her brother.  My other daughter managed to free her cousin's foot from the boat ropes.  Had she not done this I shudder to think of what would have happened.  It was only minutes after we had untangled her that the boats started to flood.  Love and determination saved us all.

I said a prayer this evening....my first in months. I thanked God for keeping us safe.  I thanked him for giving me the strength that I normally don't have (the water was freakishly strong) to keep hanging on to that boat even though I was exhausted so I could help the kids.  I thanked him for getting us all to safety with only minor injuries.  My family is still with me....that's all that matters.

From what my brother has said, they had to cross barbed wire fencing, go through stinging nettles and everyone was all covered in mud, scratched and bruised.  It was like a bad episode of survivor.  Needless to say, we talked to Emily quite awhile that evening.  She was tired but grateful.  In fact, that's what everyone kept saying is that although it was a terrible experience, it really brought everyone together.  My mom and my sister both asked me if I was mad at them, considering how much danger Emily was in.  I never even considered getting mad.  Bad things happen and it bothers me greatly to know that Emily truly felt for a few moments that she would die.  However, it all worked out.  Emily didn't panic as we have always told her not to.  She did what she needed to do.  Everyone did what they needed to do.  My mother pulled Emily out from under the boat. My brother took care of my mom when she could no longer fight the current.  And afterwards, he toted Emily on his back through the brush since the current had ripped away her shoes.  My 10 year old niece had a death grip on her 3 year old brother even when he was screaming and fighting and even pushing her underwater.  My sister and my 13 year old niece worked on untangling Emily. And Emily kept calm and followed directions.   I'm proud of each and every one of them for doing what they had to do.  As bad a situation as it was, it's situations like these that often end up having a positive effect on everyone, and that's a good thing.  So as I said, all's well that ends well.  They ended up having several boring days afterwards which was very fine with everyone.  They were all extremely sore and beat up.

So Emily will be returning to us on Tuesday.  We are looking forward to having her back.  I know she had a great time with her cousins (other than the obvious times she didn't).    But since her calls to us have been getting progressively longer and longer, I think she's ready to come home.  We have missed her dearly and will be happy to have her back.

Anyhow, I hope everyone has a great week.  Enjoy the month of August.  And for those of you with kids, train them well to NOT panic when placed in dangerous situations.  You never know when you'll end up in a bad situation and preparation is the key!

 Hello again everyone!  I trust everyone is doing well!  As you can imagine, not having Emily around has certainly changed what we do at home.  Any time I think about doing something fun, I feel bad that Emily is not here to complain about it, so I decide not to do it.  Heh heh, just kidding.  Emily doesn't complain about EVERYTHING.  Just most things  :) 

Anyhow, Bill used the extra time at home to get a lot of work done.  I continue to have fun playing with fishes.  The interesting thing this week was that my job bought all the employees tickets to the local horseracing venue.  The venue hosts races from July through (I think) September.    We went on Friday afternoon.  It was quite interesting.  Many of you may have been to horse races already, but for me and Bill, it was our first time and we were quite confused. We didn't know what to expect, how to bet, how to understand the odds, etc.  Luckily for us, a fellow coworker explained it all to us.  The minimum bet was $2.00 and there were a total of 8 races.  We didn't bet on the first race because we were still confused.  But both Bill and I bet on the remaining 7 races.  $2.00 a bet! So we were only out 14.00.  Bill chose the winner of the second race correctly, but because he had good odds, he only won 2.40 so he made 40 cents.  I did not win anything.  It's amazing how bad a picker I was.  I based my selections on where the horse was bred.  If it was a Florida horse, it had my vote.  If there were no Florida horses, I either picked it based on a cool name or a cool color.  Seems to me that next time, I should choose based on who will win.  I think I'll do much better that way.   Emily was supposed to go with us to the races, but as you know, she is having fun at her cousin's house.  She was a little miffed that we went without her.  I told her that we could still go once she came back.  It was a fun way to spend the evening.  And watching a horserace when you have money on the line turns out to make it a very interesting race!

For this next week, we are expecting a visitor.  Bill's friend Blake will be visiting us from Oregon.  He's driven down to California with some friends.  He has GPS on his phone and gave us a way to track him on the web, so we know he's in California.  I'm still not sure what the plan is on when he'll be arriving.  Last I heard, it was Monday evening but knowing Blake, that could easily change.  He likes to live life on a day to day basis and clearly, tomorrow is not today.  He and Bill plan on doing some SCUBA diving in the area.  Bill has not yet dived in the Pacific waters and I'm interested to see what he says about the cold temperatures.  I am restarting my triathlon training but unlike last time, I will be giving myself more than the 12 weeks training time.  The reason is because I know that getting the guts for me to swim in that cold cold water is going to take 12 weeks alone!  For those of you that didn't know, I completed my first triathlon in April, but that was swimming in the Gulf of Mexico, where it was much warmer.  So completing one here will take considerably more work.  Bill and Blake even talked about me diving.  Well, we'll have to see about that. 

As for Emily, she's having a great time with her cousins.  As expected, she doesn't call, doesn't email, and doesn't text unless texted to.  And even then, it's a short two word response.  But that's OK.  I know she is having a good time and I've talked to her on the phone many times this week.  In fact, once time, I called her in the morning, and then called her again in the afternoon.  Apparently, when my mom handed her the phone to tell her that I was calling, Emily shook her head and had my mom answer because according to Emily "I already talked to her today"!!!  Needless to say, I insisted that I talk to her and gave her some ribbing about trying to get out of talking to me!  But like I said, I know she's having a great time.  I hope you all are enjoying your summer (or your winter for you Brazil folks!).  Thanks to everyone for your version of your "non-blogs".  They've been entertaining to read.  Don't forget, it's SHARK WEEK on the Discovery Channel!!!

Hello again everyone!

Time for my weekly rambling.  I hope everybody has had a great week! 

This should be a rather short email again.  The big news for me was that on Wednesday, I was tasked with giving a short presentation (as were many other project leaders), to all the employees at Hubbs.  Our presentation was to be about current findings and future goals, that kind of thing.  I had to discuss the fish health program.  It was no biggie and I slapped a presentation together in about 30 minutes, 20 minutes of which were spent on Google images getting cool fish cartoons.  People pay so much more attention to you if you give them good cartoons to read.  The presentations were good because I got to see the progress of a lot of the other researchers, and we got a free lunch.  The free lunch part was good.  After all the presentations, there was an awards ceremony, in several categories, for the employees.  Employees had to be nominated by other fellow employees.  I was out of the running since the nominations were taken in mid June and I only started at the beginning of June.  But it was cool to see the award winners.  So imagine my surprise when my name was announced as a winner in the "Innovation and Discovery" category.  I was completely caught off guard.  I still have no idea who would have nominated me after such a short time and furthermore, whey they'd then go ahead and choose me.  They listed the "innovations" and "discoveries" that I've made so far to everyone.  And while there were several and they were real, I still felt like I was just doing my job and it wasn't like I was doing anything major.  But there ya go.  My big surprise for the week.  And a $50 gift card to boot!  Woohoo!  Did I mention the free lunch?
On the reading front, I've finished the first two books of the Dexter series by Jeff Lindsay.  If you haven't heard of them or read them, you may be familiar with the TV series named Dexter.  I've never seen the series but the books are really good if you are ready for a little bit of weirdness.  It's basically about a serial killer who only kills bad guys.  So the bad guy is the good guy in a sense.  It's weird but it works.  I would recommend them if you're looking for something to read.  I hope everyone has taken my recommendation to read Eyes of the Dragon by Stephen King.  He wrote it for his 13 year old daughter (who didn't like his creepy stuff), so it's even good for kids.  Very good book.

The rest of the week was fairly routine.  On Friday, I had to take Emily shopping since she had once again grown out of a lot of her clothes.  We got her all packed up and ready to go, and then let her choose where she wanted to eat as a "farewell dinner".  She chose our new favorite pizza place "Killer Pizza from Mars".  Yes you read it right, that is the name of the place.  We saw the name and decided we had to try it about a month ago.  Not only is it a funny name, but it's really good pizza.

Saturday was when she flew out to meet her cousins.  It was a direct flight from San Diego to Kansas City Missouri and my sister met her at the gate.  I haven't really talked to her all that much since she arrived.  I spoke to her briefly after she arrived at the airport where she reported to me that having skittles was a perfect way to clear your ears for takeoff and landing.  Good stuff to know everyone!  I then talked to her again later that evening but she was getting teased by my brother and her cousins, so she wasn't really even talking me.  According to my sister, she went to a water park today and had a good time although my sister reports that she is now redder than I might remember her.  So basically my daughter spends the first part of the summer in Florida, the second part in California, yet after one day in the Midwest my sister succeeds in burning her!  I'm only being so hard on my sister because I can.   :)

I talked to Emily this evening but she was as talkative as a mute snail.  She sounded really tired.  So I'll cut her some slack.  I  heard from my sister that she was none too pleased to discover that not only will my sister continue (on my insistence) that Emily read every day, but that she had to give an oral report on what she  read!  Gosh my sister's mean.

Well the house is certainly much quieter now than it was a week ago.  You'd think that with no kids around, Bill and I would be partying down.  Well, apparently we're pretty boring.  So far, I've managed to organize my desk a little and get my oil changed. Woot!  We're living on the edge now! 

Since I've started my emails, I've been getting many reports back from many of you.  It's great to hear from you all.  We love hearing your adventures as well.  And for those of you who haven't given me a report recently, well you're way overdue!  You grade will continue to go down until you get those reports in.  As an added bonus to everyone, and to prevent "accidental" reply alls, I've put you all in the bcc line.  So now, even if you hit reply all, it'll only come to me.  So mom, you can now send me embarrassing emails again. 

 

Hope everyone has a great week!

Hello again everyone!
 
I hope everyone had a great 4th of July weekend!  This email promises to be a lot shorter than last week's!

So this week was fairly low key which is often a good thing.  Bill and I have settled into a work routine.  Emily is fairly bored though.  She's signed up to a local library teen reading program.  They get prizes after reading a certain amount and turning in really quick little book reviews.  And the more she reads, the more raffle tickets she gets.  Then at the end of the  program, they have a big event where they give the raffle prizes away.  They aren't HUGE prizes but they'd be cool.  Stuff like Gamestop giftcards, swim passes etc.  I think Emily has read maybe 6 or 7 books by now.   Don't get me wrong, she hates every minute of it.  She is a fantasticly fast reader but  absolutely despises reading and has resisted us at every step of  the way.  The library has a list of some suggested readings so we are going through those when we can find them.  The first book she read was Metamorphosis by Kafka.  Its a really really short story but I certainly wouldn't have put it on my reading list. I read it.  I recommend y'all read it if you haven't.  It's weird.  One of those that makes you wonder why you wasted your time reading it, yet, you can't stop thinking about it afterwards.  

When we go to the library I always let Emily pick the books she will reads.  She always refuses and just stands there looking mopey about the fact that her parents are really mean and force her to read.  So I've been picking out all her books.  I've been trying to remember some of the stuff I read when I was her age.  So I got her a Judy Blume book (classic tween reading), the Black Stallion, and then 2 books that were on a general teen suggested reading list (not the more specific library program list).  I've been reading her books before she does so I can make sure they are worth reading and to have an idea of what she's reading about.  If anyone has any suggestions, feel free to email them my way.  You can also email her and let her know that actual other people (other than weird obnoxious parents) like to read.   I plan on having her read the Eyes of the Dragon by Stephen King.  If you haven't read that, I highly highly recommend it.  It's not a horror book like a lot of  Stephen King is.  It's one of my favorite books.  I checked it out for her just the other day and just had to read it again.  It's fantastic.

This week, Bill got himself started with a local scuba shop in the area.  As you all may or may not know, he recently completed all his requirements for his SCUBA master certification.  So he certainly wanted to continue doing some diving.  Unlike  Florida, there is a distinct shortage of diving instructors here.  I guess with the water  being colder, many don't want to deal with it.  So he may get essentially sponsored by a local SCUBA shop to get his instructor certification so he can be an instructor.  Anyhow, so this week, he spent a couple of evenings helping with an emergency response SCUBA course.  That left Emily and me  time to have movie night.  We watched Toy Story.  It had been a long time since we'd watched  it.  Can't go wrong with Pixar much (except for Ratatouille which I didn't like at all)

For the 4th, several of my coworkers mentioned that our workplace was actually a really great place to watch fireworks.  As I mentioned before, Hubbs is right next door to SeaWorld.  SeaWorld and Hubbs are quite near the beach (actually they are on Mission Bay).  SeaWorld puts on a fireworks show on the 4th.  So what we decided to do was to pack up a picnic lunch, load up the car and drive to my job.  The parking near the beach was ridiculous and mostly full.  We passed a sign offereing parking for $80.00!  But thanks to the heads up from my coworkers, I was able to park AT Hubbs since I'm an employee.  Perfect parking.  Then we got our  stuff and hiked on over to the beach. 
 
The weather was a little weird.  It was super foggy even though it was around 1pm when we arrived. You'll be able to see that on the pictures. The weather was perfect  (low 80's) but seeing the beach so foggy in the middle of a summer day was strange.  We had a good time, played some frisbee and just relaxed.  Perhaps we are too used to Florida, or perhaps we are normal, but none of us had any desire to go into the water.  It is just too darn cold.  We walked along the beach and my feet got wet a few times and that was a generally unpleasant experience!  But it was very pretty.  The beach, as you can imagine, was packed full of people.  They allow cooking on the beach which we are not used to.  Lots of people had grills and some even dragged over their propane grills.  Well, now we'll know what to do next year. 
 
As the evening progressed, we packed up our stuff and headed back to the car.  We hadn't taken any of the picnic stuff with us because it would have been too long of a walk with the cooler and all (it was about a 20-30min walk to the beach).  Once back at Hubbs we got out our cooler and went to the back area to eat our sandwiches.  The coast where Hubbs is located is a prime viewing location for the SeaWorld fireworks display and we could see people all set up there.  So it was nice to have our own little private area that was inaccessible to others.  We ate our sandwiches and then set up our chairs right by the water.  As the evening progressed, several other of my coworkers arrived with their families. 
 
Well they were not kidding about it being a good spot. The fireworks were directly in front of us in the water.  So we got front row seats, perfect sightlines, and a beautiful reflection off the water, along with seeing all the boats floating in front of us honking their horns in approval.  The show was great and well worth staying for.  So all in all, our 4th was really really good.  Although Bill got mildly sunburned in the face and ended up looking a bit like a raccoon due to the sunglass lines left on his face.
 
You can see pictures of our 4th of July time at this website (as well as the same pictures from last week).   http://gallery.mac.com/siebharinn#100032&bgcolor=black&view=grid
 
Well I hope all of you had a great time.  We are slowly getting used to life here in California.  Keep those emails coming!  It's been great hearing from all of you!
 
 Hello again everyone!

I hope everyone had a great week. There's quite a lot to report from our front. The first is that we changed our cell phone numbers. Our new cell phone numbers are listed below.

Bill 760-807-0825
Martha 760-807-0826
Emily760-807-0835

This week was a busy one so I have a lot of pictures to share. Rather than plug up your email boxes with pictures, I had Bill post a bunch online. I know I know, that's one step away from blogging but this is still not a blog. I don't expect that every week will be so interesting. I put the link to the gallery at the end of this email.

Anyhow, as I mentioned last week, I was scheduled to go to Mexico this week and I did. The day was very very long because I had to meet everyone at Hubbs at 4:45 am. And I live 45 minutes away! So I had to get up at 3:30 am. I went with a group of 4 others from Hubbs and then we met up with a 5th guy who actually lives onsite in Mexico. The actual road trip took about 2 hours. It is a very pretty drive right along the coast, but there is a stark contrast between Mexico and the US.

In order to explain a little bit, we have a hatchery program on site in San Diego where we hatch out eggs and grow larval fish. But after awhile, the fish become too large and it's easier and more efficient to keep them larger in open water net pens. Now, I'm still not sure why we teamed up with a group in Mexico but we did. There is a group called Maricultura in Mexico whom we have an arrangement with, and they take daily care of our net pens and they also take care of other group's net pens in the area. And then we also have one guy who lives on site in Ensenada Mexico and he takes care of the more specific and difficult needs.

The reason we were down there with so many of us was because we needed to catch a large sample of fish (~200) and weigh them individually. We are currently testing two different types of net pens and are therefore are comparing the growth rates of the fish in the two separate net pens to see which is more efficient. The first which you'll see in the pictures is just a circular pen in the water with netting on top of it to prevent birds from having a feast. The second is this weird looking pylon type thing with netting coming down from it. It's unruly and difficult to work in, but apparently it does great in waters that are typhoon prone and is very self-sufficient.

Well I didn't know what to expect since I hadn't been down there before. The coast line was beautiful but very hilly and so it was a very precarious drive to get down to the coast. The boat ramp was a small area of concrete that could accommodate one boat max. It was here that I learned about the "Mexican factor" which is part of the reason why we leave so early. We had a boat arranged to take us out to the main barge but they work on their own time. So we were waiting out there quite awhile before this boat came to pick us up.

You might think (especially you folks from warmer areas), that the water down there would be quite lovely. Well it LOOKS lovely but it's downright cold . It's in the low to mid 60's right now. The reason I mention this is because as I threw my stuff on board the boat, a wave came and soaked my feet. So that was a crappy way to start of the adventure.

The boat ride to the barge was disconcerting. There was quite a chop and it was a small boat so I was concerned about getting soaked. Luckily, I did not. Once we reached the barge, we unloaded our gear and took it inside. The barge is the main work area for the mariculture guys. While I was there I watched them haul in a harvest of Bluefin tuna and then gut them on deck. From MY perspective, it was pretty cool.

Even though the barge was large, there were still a lot of swells and it made it a bit uncomfortable to be onboard. I wasn't necessarily getting seasick, but I was certainly getting a headache. Once onboard, the Mexican factor hit us again and we waited until the larger transport boat was ready to take us out to the net pens.

The plan was to try and retrieve fish from the weirder net pen known as "Sea Station" first. The way they do this is to put several divers in the water which then have to go through several zippers in the net in order to get inside (look at the pictures to understand better). There is an outer layer (for predators) and an inner layer. They then have to make their way into the inner layer and pull along a seine net with them. Then the divers have to maneuver the net in and around a school of fish and then net them up in small batches and transport them to the boat (having to go back out through the two layers again). So it sucks big time.

Fortunately, I got to stay on the boat in preparation for the fish and didn't have to go in the water. The plan was to then take the fish BACK to the barge, anesthetize them in order to weigh them, and then return them back to the net pens. (Have you noticed my subtle way of telling you what the plan WAS?)

Well the swells were even worse out by the sea station. And watching the guys having to maneuver in and out of that net was crazy. They were working in there for nearly an hour and still hadn't managed to corral the fish. The minute they'd get close, the fish would find an escape and get out. It was very frustrating to watch. While on our boat, I talked to some of the Mexican's who work the pens and got their perspective on things which was interesting. But the constant swells was slowly getting to me ( I was sitting near the front of the boat), so I decided to go sit more in the center to alleviate at least some of the swell action.

As I sat there, my situation got slowly worse and worse. The Mexican's pointed out some grey whales in the distance and I looked only briefly because I was now starting to get painfully and definitively seasick. Let me point out that in Florida I was on boats all the time. I went on many manatee captures in the Everglades, boated in the Gulf etc and never once experienced seasickness. I did get seasick when scuba diving in the Bahamas with Bill but that was a long long time ago and was the only time ever. So I never even thought about taking Dramamine or anything. Well let me tell you, I was regretting that big time while on that boat. I tried everything to improve my situation, but the swells were crazy big (I've learned SINCE this trip that they've never been down there in conditions that bad before).

Unfortunately, my valiant attempts to get better were in vain and I ended up hanging off the side of the boat puking my guts out. Not once, but twice. Once I did, I felt momentarily better but then proceeded to get steadily worse again. The sea station effort was failing miserably and there was already talk of giving up for the day. The Mexican's on my boat asked me if I wanted a ride back to the barge. I decided to try and wait it out since it seemed like the end was near anyhow. I kind of zoned out while wallowing in my misery and only kind of realized that another boat had come along side us. Apparently, they were going to try to catch the fish at the sea station just a little longer and I was offered a ride back to the barge on a different boat. I reluctantly accepted and they took me back to the barge.

Once I got there I was told to go and find the cook and he could give me some water. They dropped me off on the "dining room side" and there was a little bar stool type area on the outside. The cook who was inside cooking up a lot of food for all the crew asked me if I was seasick (I had by then learned what seasick was in Spanish) and I said yes. He gave me some water and then offered me some Dramamine which I accepted gratefully. I had to take 2 tablets rather than just one because you have to take a higher dose when you're already affected. So I took the 2 and then just put my head down. After about 20-30 minutes, the rest of my crew arrived on the barge for lunch. I was feeling slightly better and decided to try and eat something. Although I asked for VERY LITTLE, the cook still gave me a huge portion of fish stew (surprise it was TUNA!), rice and beans. I ate very tiny bits of the rice which was very good but couldn't really handle the beans too much. I attempted to eat the fish but as soon as I took a bite my stomach started turning big time and I realized I better just stick to salty rice (which I only ate a minute amount). Luckily, one of my associates decided she would have the rest of my portion (I hated to waste so much food) and so I went back outside and put my head down again. I heard them discussing our options. Although we could still have weighed the fish from the other net pen, there was also a need to get new pens in the water because we had plans to ship even more fish down there. So they were discussing the priorities. As I lay there slumped with my head down, the Dramamine kicked my butt. The next thing I know, someone is having to yell my name in order to wake me up. I was dazed and confused but generally got the picture that everything was a bust and we were just going to pack it up and go home.

So we loaded up our stuff and went back to the vehicle. I was very thankful to be back on land. As we drove back through Mexico I got real real hungry and was now wishing I had eaten more. Luckily, it is tradition for the crew to stop at a local taco place along the road. So I had some authentic Mexican tacos which hit the spot magnificently! The wait at the border wasn't bad at all. It's been reported to have been up to 3 hours at time. It only took us about 45 minutes. I ended up at home by about 7:30 pm. So it was a long day and we got absolutely nothing accomplished. But now I know that I need to be prepared for seasickness the next time! Luckily the rest of my workweek wasn't nearly as exciting.

As a family, we took a really cool walk on Saturday. We decided to take a walking tour of La Jolla California which is just North of San Diego proper and south of us. I found a route to follow on-line. The scenery was beautiful and the weather was perfect. The cliffs of La Jolla go down to the ocean and there were tiny little coves with nice sandy beaches. There was an area we went through with a bunch of tide pools which Emily loved because you could see all sorts of crabs and anenomes and assorted other critters. We even went down to one of the sea caves below and got a view from the inside out! As we walked along the coast, there were a bunch of harbor seals in one area and even several on the beach just basking in the sun, including a cute little baby. Bill got some really good pictures and Emily took some video. Our walk back was amongst many of the local La Jolla shops, restaurants etc. We even walked by the museum of contemporary art which boasted a "ahem" unique sculpture outside. The picture is included in the gallery of pictures for your enjoyment. All in all it was a really cool walk. That evening, we went out for pizza (it was my choice), since it was my birthday. Bill made me a delicious lemon cake. YUM! For those of you who tried to call on my birthday, I apologize for either NOT giving you my correct phone number, or for putting my phone on buzzer during the walk and never changing it back and I didn't pay attention to it all weekend. For those of you who didn't try to call on my birthday, you can make it up to me by buying me expensive gifts.

So it was a good week. I hope everyone else enjoyed there week. Thanks for the emails and comments. I look forward to hearing how everyone else's week went. I hope everyone enjoyed my mom's email too J Don't worry, I talked to her about the difference between reply and reply all. At least she didn't start reminiscing about something embarrassing like the time I….hehe….never mind! Again, if you get annoyed with my long-winded emails, I won't be offended if you tell me to just stop bothering you. Talk to you all soon!

Greetings Everyone!

 

I decided (after several weeks of not writing), that since I quite enjoyed apprising everyone of our ridiculous traveling, I might continue the trend and just apprise you of our ridiculous life!  So expect more or less weekly emails discussing our mundane existence.  If you aren't interested, hit delete or let me know to stop spamming you J  Bill asked me why I don't just do a blog.  The reason is twofold.  First, some of you (Hi Mom!) probably don't know what a blog is and at least I'm sure you'll actually read my emails.  But second, I really don't know how to make one and this is just easier.  So until I get smarter and my audience becomes more advanced, emails are what you'll get. 

 

So what can I say?  I know many of you have already spoken with Bill or me but for those of you who haven't, I'll give a quick recap of what's been goin' on since my last email.

 

The Penske truck was a huge fiasco.  After all our troubles, they then decided that we put gas in the diesel and were going to charge us for refueling, towing etc.  Well that completely infuriated me since we never did such a thing.  After several days of dealing with them, they completely changed their mind, decided we didn't do anything wrong, and would reimburse us 20% of the rental BUT still charge us for not refueling the tank even though it had to be TOWED back.  Well, to make the long story shorter, I threw a fit about that and we were not charged for the fuel after all AND reimbursed 20%. 

 

Bill did a good job picking the house.  The house is in a great neighborhood and I like the floorplan and all.  However, there are some downsides.  A major one is that it does not have air conditioning.  That was a complete shocker to us since we never even thought about asking about that sort of thing.  Apparently that's fairly normal here in San Diego.  For the last 3 weeks, it hasn't been an issue.  It's cool at night (50s) and was getting into the 70s or 80s during the day.  Keeping the windows open provided a nice cool breeze and we were very comfortable.

 

HOWEVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 

That is, we WERE comfortable until these last few days.  San Diego just went though a RECORD BREAKING heat wave and we, unfortunately, were right in the middle of it.  The weather here is weird because at my job (which is on the coast) it'll be 25 degrees cooler than here at the house (which is inland).  So on Friday, we had to deal with 104 degree temperatures.  Needless to say, we took a trip to Lowes and bought some fans (which EVERYONE was buying).  The fans helped a little, but in the middle of those 104 degree days, there really isn't anything you can do about it.  The heat just saps your energy.  I tried to use my computer but it's a little old and can overheat and slow down when left on for a while.  In that heat, I could only use my computer for about 15 minutes before it would bog down and I'd have to shut it down to let it "cool".  It was cooler today (90s) so not nearly as bad and it's supposed to continue to cool down.  The only good thing is that this is NOT the norm.

 

I've been enjoying my job a lot.  One thing that I've noticed, just from talking to some of you, is that there is a perception out there that I work at Sea World.  I do not.  I work at Hubbs-SeaWorld Research Institute which is an entirely separate entity.  We are next door to SeaWorld and certainly have a lot of collaboration, but it's not the same thing.  If you are interested in what exactly I'm doing here, you can visit this website  http://www.hswri.org/research/researchArea.cfm?areID=5  It gives a short overview of the many projects we are involved in.  Basically, we hatch out fish for aquaculture to either restock the oceans, by releasing them, or by raising them and then they get harvested.  We have facilities in San Diego, Carlsbad, CA and Mexico, as well as open water net pens up and down the coast.  My position is new, in that there hasn't really been anyone on staff to be in charge of fish health, so I'm still figuring out what I'll be doing and stuff.  But it's been fun so far.  Tomorrow, I'm scheduled to go down to Mexico to work on the fish in the net pens down there. 

 

San Diego life has taken some adjusting, but we are getting along.  The temperature issue has already been discussed at length.  We are slowly learning our way around here.  The first weekend we were here, my boss treated us to tickets to see a San Diego Padres game.  That was a good time and the Padres won the game.    It gave us a chance to see the city and ride the trolly.  This last weekend, we took a break from the heat in our house to go to the fair.  It's by the coast so it was a lot cooler.  We had a good time and Emily got to ride an elephant!  It's your typical fair so we saw a lot of exhibits and animals and rides.  We all really enjoyed the photography exhibit.  I think Bill will try and submit some photos to the contest next year.  He's got some good ones. 

 

I've attached a few photos to this email.  The first is our view of the field and downtown San Diego when we were at the Padres game.  Another is a view of a giant "E" that is on the hillside right by our house (E for Escondido).  Another is a picture of Emmy riding the elephant.   The last one is a picture of Nina and Valentino just relaxing, a few days after we arrived (hence the mess).  Proof that the animals actually arrived alive!

 

I hope everyone is doing well.  Now that we are more settled, I promise that I'll be better about actually responding to everyone's emails.  Have a great week!

 